Me and my co-workers were waiting for work orders to come back from a client for a while, and all the comments were sent back at once. While reviewing the notes I said without thinking about it, 'It's not that it's hard, it just all came in at once.' 
Me and my girlfriend were sharing a packet of M&amp;M's and I noticed she was taking more than one at a time because 'It tastes better when you have two in your mouth at the same time.' TWWSS.
I was in class the other day when, my friend had a mechanical pencil and the lead was too big she said,'The hole is too small. It won't fit!' 
I was texting a friend and we were talking about how he made captain for JV. I said even though you didn't make varsity, 'It still feels good to be on top for once.' 
My first day of work as a court clerk my boss handed me my first assignment, the 'Johnson' case. She explained that she also was working on an unrelated 'Johnson' case at the same time. After she gave me my instructions she said, 'I need to get back to the other Johnson I'm tending to.' 
During a work meeting, my coworker's chair kept sliding down. Our boss said 'Get a new chair. I'm not going to have you going down on me while we're talking.' 
My husband and I ate a huge lunch. After waddling to the car, I sat back and reclined the seat. I said, 'I'm just going to lay back while you drive me.' 
The other day, I was at a friend's birthday party and we had ice cream sundaes. When one girl walked away for a minute, someone ate the cherry from her sundae. She came back, saw that it was missing, and screamed, 'Hey, who took my cherry?!' 
I was working on the ballistics test for reinforced glass with my partner. The shot was fired and then she checked the glass and yelled, 'No penetration!' 
I was listening to an Abandon All Ships song and there was this part when he said, 'Put the sauce in your mouth and swallow.' 
My friends and I were trying a crane game to win a stuffed animal. One of them kept failing to get a stuffed bear and without thinking I said, 'I think it's down in there too far.' 
I went to a full service gas station this afternoon. I got out of my car and grabbed the gas pump to add fuel, when I heard the gas station attendant say 'Let me see that hose, I'll pump it for you. You just sit back and relax.' 
My friend and I were talking on the phone, while she was watching her brother put a string through the needle. Out of nowhere she screams in the phone, 'He finally got it in!' 
During class one day, one the the students decided to bring in a cake for her birthday. As she was cutting the cake piece by piece a student told her lick the knife off. So she said, 'I'm not going to put it in my mouth then stick it back in!' .
Today in science lab we were using sand for an experiment. I got bored and dumped the sand out of the container and started playing with it. My teacher gave me an annoyed look so I started putting the sand back in. I said, 'I'm putting it back in!' () My teacher replied, 'It wouldn't have been out if you hadn't been playing with it!' 
The other day my friends and I were hanging out at lunch and one of them was eating a sandwich. She goes, 'OMG, this tastes so good in my mouth.' 
i was in class and the teacher asked a kid to pull down the projector. He tried and she said, 'Pull it harder. I mean yank it!' 
Me and my friend were playing tug of war when he said, 'Pull harder. It isn't as much fun if you don't try hard enough.' .
Today my co-worker wanted me to get her some hot chocolate. After I got back, she tasted it and said she didn't like it. 20 minutes later, she was still drinking it and I asked, 'If it's bad, why are you drinking it still?' Her reply was, 'It feels good in my mouth, but I don't like the taste.' 
My dad picked out a Christmas tree the first year I was in our new house and I say 'Wow that thing is so big it can touch the ceiling' 
I was reading a book called Fail Nation, and there was a picture of a sign that said 'Behold, I come quickly.' 
My brother was using the smallest juice extractor on an orange and when he used it and the juice came out of the wrong area. He said,'The juice keeps coming out of the wrong hole!' .
I was texting my guy friend and I told him to hang on beause I was going to take a shower. When I got done, I texted him back and said, 'Okay I'm done. It was long and felt good!' 
Driving back from picking up a TV, I asked my friend if she had the cables to hook the TV up. She said she wasn't sure because 'my box has got two holes and one is smaller than the other.' 
I was playing a game on an iPad where you put your fingers on the screen and lines of light follow them and make different shapes. My friend was watching me do it and my sister walked in and said to him, 'It's way better with two people because you can put your fingers in places they aren't supposed to go.' .
I was in a jazz choir class practicing the song 'Such Great Heights' and the conductor stopped to tell the sopranos that she needed more from them on the 'come down now' lyric. A girl who was struggling with singing the high note for 'come' complained, 'Ugh, but the come is soooo hard!'
I was in gym class and we were doing rock climbing. I'd just put my harness on and was adjusting it, but having some trouble. Then I put the rope on, tightened the harness, and it hurt. Without even thinking about it, I said to the boy standing next to me, 'This hurts between my legs.' 
So me and my girlfriend's siblings were throwing out 'That's what she said' stories for a good five minutes. I asked, 'Is this ever going to stop?' 
Big Band M.D. conducting a super fast piece: 'My arm was KILLING ME by the end of that!' 
At my family's Thanksgiving gathering, we looked out the window and saw my cousin walking through the backyard to get into the house. When my aunt saw him she said 'Why is he coming in the back door?' .
One day, our Science teacher was going over the science safety procedures and walked over to the eye rinser and said, 'Now you're going to get very wet, so you need to back it up a little.' 
I was at my cousin's birthday party, and a family friend brought a present in a gift bag. After spending about 2-3 minutes prying it out of the bag, the box eventually came out. My other cousin then said 'Sheesh, how did you manage to get it in there?' 
Talking with a friend about an engineering design issue, he said, 'I told him I could work with 5 inches but it would cost about $1,000 more than if he could give me 8 inches.' .
When complaining to my sister that I had to get up at 4 a.m. to cook the turkey for Thanksgiving dinner, she replied, 'Gross, just put it in and go back to bed!' 
I was writing my high school English paper. Because I was having a lot of trouble with my introductory paragraph, I sat staring at a blank computer screen for 30 minutes. I asked my mom for help and she said, 'You spent half an hour fiddling your stick, and NOTHING came out!' .
I got on the elevator at work and said 'How's it going?' to one of my coworkers. He held up his index finger signaling me to give him a second and I noticed he was eating something. He finished chewing and said,'Sorry, I couldn't talk, I had nuts in my mouth.' 
When checking out at the store, the cashier was helping the woman in line ahead of us enter her debit card pin into the system. Assuring her that she had entered it correctly, he said, 'It's in there. It doesn't feel like it's in there, but it's in there.' .
One day I asked my friend how his school course was. He said, 'Well, it gets harder after awhile, you just have to adjust and work on it.' 
My girlfriend said when really happy after something at school, 'I am positively beaming, I swear my lips can't stretch any wider!' 
While at work using the sign printer for the first time, I turned to my manager and asked 'Is it in all the way?' !
I was at a free screening of a movie. Pencils and surveys were handed out to the audience for feedback. As I was leaving, I went to return the pencil and there were two girls holding bags to collect the pencils. I wasn't sure what bag to put it in and one of the girls told me 'you can put it where ever you want, it doesn't matter' 
One of my friends was trying to sharpen his pencil with a sharpener that hangs on the wall, which he had never used before. There were different sized holes for different pencil sizes. He asked the teacher, 'What hole do I put it in?' The teacher replied, 'Show me how big it is and I'll stick it in there.' 
I was talking to my friend in French and we got asked questions so I whispered to her 'why do I always get the easy ones and you get the really big hard ones?' 
I was in math class and there was this huge spider crawling around. When it finally goes in a hole in the carpet someone yells out 'Its good, it finally went in the hole!' 
A random dude came up to me at school and performed a magic trick on me. Me friend, who was watching, suddenly screamed out as soon as it was done 'DO ME! DO ME!' 
My friends ran up to me and started talking to me about Harry Potter movies and books. One really loved it and the other hated it. The one that hated it said 'I hate it! It's so long!' 
My senior class went to Disney for our senior trip. We were standing in line to go on a ride and were using hand sanitizer from touching the railings. One girl's mom goes 'hit me up while im still wet' 
My two best friends were exchanging techniques on how to play the Violin. Since I don't play it, I spaced out. After about a minute, I figured they would have changed the conversation. As soon as I started paying attention, one of them said 'You should start slowly, but as your finger moves up, go a little faster and harder' 
I was helping my friend put her new phone on vibrate, it wasn't working so she said, 'Can you make it harder? I didn't even feel that last one.' 
During class one day, one the the students decided to bring in a cake since it was her birthday. As she was cutting the cake piece by piece, a student told her lick the knife off. So she said, 'I'm not going to put it in my mouth then stick it back in!' .
Today I was getting a piece of pie. When I finished cutting it, I wasn't thinking because I was about to lick the (very sharp) knife and I said, 'I almost put this thing in my mouth!' 
So my friend's sister was sitting by me and somebody's backpack was on the table. In one of the netted pockets there was a pear. She seemed enthralled with it until she poked it and said, 'Ew! It squirted me!' 
I was in class and our teacher was droning on about the packet. Everyone was yelling and acting restless. Our teacher said, 'Come on, settle down.' After a couple minutes, everyone was quiet. She then said, 'Okay, we only have half an hour and we have a lot to squeeze in here.' 
When I was at the orthodontist one time, I heard him say to his assistant (about my mouth), 'In this spot, we need to be very careful, because it's very dark and very wet.' 
I was watching Grey's Anatomy. A guy got shot, so one of the doctors put their hand on the spot where the bullet hit him. Then one of the other doctors said, 'She's got her hand on the hole!' 
I was showering with my guinea pig the other day. I yelled cause it kept jumping out: 'OMG you're so slippery! Just try to stay in!' 
I was really thirsty and drinking water out of one of those Camelbak water bottles with the straw. I said, 'I wish I didn't have to suck on it. I wish it would just shoot into my mouth.' 
One time me and my friend were talking about about our movie experience. Then he started talking about slushies and said, 'I sucked on it kinda hard and everything splashed on me, but it still tasted good!' 
Today in P.E we did the mile run. While we were walking back to the gym, my friend walked up next to me, panting, and said, 'Whew! That was tiring. It took a lot of energy.' 
My friend had a drill with a long bit in it. After he was done drilling he swung it around and I said 'Watch it!' He replied, 'It's so big I don't know how to handle it!' 
We were setting up a table for an extra TV during super bowl and it kept falling over. My friend said, 'It will be sturdier if you spread the legs.' 
My friend was trying to roll her R's in Spanish class. When she finished saying the word she asked, 'Could you tell I did that without my tongue?' 
While at the beach we had to manually inflate our floats, and my friend said, 'The more you blow, the harder it gets.' 
Today at lunch a girl sitting across from me was eating a sandwich and said, 'Man, that was hard to swallow. You know when you have way too much in your mouth, and it's really hard to swallow?' .
My math teacher put two problems on the board and as she was writing the second one she said, 'I'll put you to the side and do you later.' 
I Googled Blackberry Curve and the first site that came up had a slogan for the Blackberry Curve. Translated it would say, 'Fits perfectly in your hands and in your life.' 
In class my female classmate used some mint-spray, but it landed on her lip. She asked, 'Should I lick it off?' 
My friend told me he went paintballing, so I said, 'Ohh ya, how was it? Did it hurt?' 
Two sisters came through my line at the grocery store I work at and bought a bag of fruit crisps. When one sister offered the other some of the snack she responded, 'Oh no, I can't put anything more in my mouth right now.' .
One night when I was texting my cousin, I started having random stomach pains. Trying to figure out what was wrong, I texted her, 'Sometimes it just starts and then stops and then starts up again.' 
Yesterday I was helping my mom with putting her trash in a trash bag. We were having issues while she was trying to hold the trash bag open. I said, 'You hold it open while I hold this and put it in' 
My friend was getting in line for food and he thought it was going to be a long line. When he came back, he said, ' It wasn't as big as I thought it'd be.' 
Today I was telling my girl friend about how my guy friend was giving me a back massage. My muscles were really sore and he commented on how tight they were, and I said to my friend, 'He said I was really tight!' 
My brother got a shot at the doctor yesterday and after the shot he said, 'The smaller ones don't hurt as much as the large ones.' 
I was taking my earrings out and it stung really bad and they wouldn't budge. Without thinking, I cried out in pain, 'Damn! It's stuck in there good!' 
Me and my friend were in a CPR class and we were learning the Heimlech maneuver, when the instructor told his partner, 'Spread your legs, bend over, and remember, keep going until it comes out.' 
I Googled Blackberry Curve, The first site that came up had a slogan for the Blackberry Curve: 'Fits perfectly in your hands and in your life.' 
My family was choosing a shower head for our new bathroom when my sister said, 'I prefer the ones that are wider and softer over the skinner, harder ones; those just squirt too strong' !
One of my fellow teachers once gave this advice to her class about submitting homework: 'Put it in my hand; don't just leave it in my box.' 
My brother said he lost something in the fireplace. Without thinking I said, 'Let's look in there and see if we can get it out.' .
We were using the computer and overhead projector in English to correct a paper. It wasn't working so my teacher said, 'Since we're having problems, I guess I'll just give it to you orally.' .
I was in Spanish class and my teacher was telling us about this big building that everyone always made a big deal about. After seeing it in person, he said, 'It wasn't as big as I thought it'd be.' .
Once, my mom was talking to the guy who plows our driveway when it snows. She told him, 'You poor thing, you plowed me twice and didn't get paid!' .
I was sitting at a football game with my friend watching the marching band play during halftime. The show was taking forever and my friend goes, 'Can this be over soon? My butt hurts so bad.' .
I was showing my friends a  montage from The Office on YouTube. While the video was loading one asked, 'Is it going to be very long?' 
My brother was experimenting with a garden hose. He then said, 'Wow! I didn't know it could squirt that far!' 
I was eating lunch with my boyfriend when he decided to put a straw in a cookie and try to drink it. A little piece of cookie got stuck in the straw when I said, 'Don't suck too hard or it will shoot down your throat.' .
A friend and I were sitting on an old beanbag chair one day and it was falling apart. So when the foam inside of it started to fall out, my friend said,'What the heck is this white stuff all over the place? It's sticking to my hair!' 
A colleague of mine was pushing a couple of chairs on the floor, one behind the other. She had to put them in a separate room. The supervisor asked her why she wouldn't just push it through the door. Her reply: 'It's too long, I can't get it to curve!' 
Today me and my sister were washing the dishes. She was trying to scrub a piece of something off a glass cup and said, 'Would you help me get this thing out of here? It's too far in and it's stuck.' 
At the lake, a friend of ours was putting aerosol bug spray on her arms. She starting coughing and spitting. We asked her what had happened and she said, 'I don't know how it happened, but I got a lot of it my mouth and it was nasty!' .
The other day I was at soccer practice and my friend said, 'Hey we need some soccer balls.' My soccer coach said, 'You have 2 balls right there!' .
My math teacher was explaining something and we were all confused. He said, 'Was that too fast? I'd be happy to do it again but much slower.' 
The other day I overheard two guys talking about a science experiment and one of them said, 'I underestimated the amount of fluid coming out.' 
I got a pretty bad splinter, and I asked my mom what I should do. 'Oww, oww, oww! It really hurts! What do I do?' 'Put pressure on it!' my mom told me. It didn't make sense to me, so I said, 'Why would I put pressure on it? It's inside of me, that'll only make it go in deeper!' .
My family and I were cleaning our carpet with a Rug Doctor. There was one stain that wasn't coming out, so my Mom said we would have to get it out by hand. But what she said was, 'We'll have to give it a good hand job.' 
The other day at lunch my friend bought his girlfriend a cookie for the second day in a row. When she took a bite she said, 'Wow! This tastes much better than it did yesterday!' 
In Spanish, a kid kept chewing on his necklace. The Spanish teacher got annoyed and said, 'Get that thing out of your mouth!' 
When I walked into class, I was on the hunt for some outlets for my laptop. My friends and I were also trying to sit in the back area of the class, so in the midst of my hunt I said, 'Wait, are you sure I can get it in the back?' 
I was playing basketball with friends. The ball got stuck in the hoop. Someone said, 'Get that thing out of there.' .
Today my friend and her mom came by our house to drop off some stuff I left at their house. My dog was being super annoying and sniffing all over them. At one point, my friend exclaimed, 'Gosh, get your freaking head out from in between my legs!' 
Today at my sister's basketball game, my sister shot the ball. My mom said, 'That's cheap! It went in but then right back out!' .
I was at my football game and my coach called a timeout because there was 10 seconds left in the game and we were down a touchdown. So, when my coach finished telling us what to do, he said to our quarterback, ' You need to get back on top.' 
Today I was watching 'Say Yes to the Dress' and the bride said, 'it hits you in that right spot, not too high and not too low.' .
My friend and I were walking to her car after class. She handed me her keys as she was putting her things in the trunk. A little bit later she yelled, 'What are you waiting for? Just stick it in already!' &nbsp;
I was playing a game on my friend's iPod. I beat the game so I was going to give her the iPod back. She asked why I wasn't playing anymore and I told her I finished. She then said, 'I didn't know you could finish that fast!' 
My sister and I were blowing on melted wax to get it to harden and she screamed, 'Look, its getting harder!' 
Today I saw a commercial with a woman washing dishes bare-handed. The announcer said, 'Oh no, she's going in with no protection!' 
I was having a  day; I said a few jokes and I was on a roll. Then one kid came up to me and said, 'Stop it I can't take anymore!' 
I am a saxophone teacher and one of my students called me complaining that there was something stuck in the instrument. I told her to take a deep breath and blow out the obstruction. She said, 'I'm blowing as hard as I can but it's not coming out.' 
My coworkers and I were eating some Timbits. I offered one of the girls another one and she said, 'God no, I already have 2 in my mouth!' 
The other day during advisory class my friends &amp; I were hanging out in the cafeteria. One of my friends was slipping an iPod cover over my other friend's iPod &amp; he goes, 'It's not gonna fit. It's so big &amp; the hole is so small.' 
I overheard my friend and her boss talking to each other and he said, 'Do you have a sec?' and she said, 'Oh yeah I have lots of secs.' .
I was making Oreo balls with my friend yesterday and as we were rolling them into the ball shape she looked at the ones I did and exclaimed, 'Your balls are perfect!' .
Today, my two friends were helping me put the raft in the pond. Since we weren't in swimming clothes, my grandpa rowed a boat out to pick us up from the raft. Talking about the boat seats, he said, 'I can fit two in the rear and one in the front.' 
During my nutrition class one day I was trying to get the stem off of my apple. I proceeded to twist it off furiously as I said, 'Oh my gosh, this thing is too little, I can't get it off!' .
Today at lunch I offered my friend a bite of my spicy burrito. She refused, saying 'I'm not putting that in my mouth, it's way too hot.' 
My friend and I were eating candy, and she said, 'It hurts if you bite it. I think I'll just suck it instead.' .
I was talking with my friends and one of the was telling a story about how he was riding in a car wash and the mechanisms malfunctioned, spraying water at an extremely high and dangerous rate. Someone said, 'Wow, if it was that wet, I'd just keep going back and forth, back and forth, back and forth. That would be fun.' 
I was in the produce section at the grocery store today, looking at iceberg lettuce. I looked at all of them, picked one up and then put it back saying, 'That head is really small.' .
My friend was sticking paper down with spray mount and it was a very messy job. He exclaimed, 'Aww man this job makes my hands wet and sticky!' 
It was pouring rain outside and I was rushing to get in the car. I was fumbling with the umbrella for too long while trying to close it and started to get frustrated, so I said, 'This stupid thing won't go down!' .
At work, I was talking to a peer about another random funny story from over the weekend. As he laughed and walked away back to his desk, he said in front of 20 other peers, 'Oh, I didn't see that one coming!' 
I was having dinner with my friends and at some point the rice arrived. One of my friends tried it first, only to say, 'It's so sticky.' 
I was on the bus today and I started listening to the high-schoolers talk. They were having a conversation about something random when one of them said, 'Wait, once you get it in, how do you get it out?' .
We were playing soccer on the sidewalk with a rock. The objective was to kick it past the crack in the sidewalk. When Jason kicked the rock, it landed in the crack of the sidewalk and he said, 'It got stuck in the crack!' 
I was at work and this woman was talking about the other day when her husband cooked her dinner. She said, 'I put it in my mouth and I told him it tasted great, but OMG it made me want to gag so bad.' .
I was texting my friend who was at the library working. She said that she was hungry and the person next to her had a cinnamon bun. The person left to go to the bathroom and she texted me, 'Mmm...it's right in front of me and I want it in my mouth.' 
In my freshman year music class, the teacher was describing a classical song to us and said, 'It starts out soft, but then it gets really big.' .
I was talking to my friend at her locker, when my other friend sneaked up behind and poked her. After she screamed, my other friend asked, 'Why did you scream so loud?' to which she replied, 'I screamed so loud because you never come at me from behind' 
I was playing golf with my dad. I kept getting hole-in-ones but he couldn't. He asked, 'How do you get that thing in the hole?' .
My friend and I were eating candy, and she said, 'It hurts if you bite it. I think I'll just suck it instead.' .
Today my dad called a plumber to clean the drains. When working on the job, he said, 'I always go deep down to get the slimy stuff out.' 
I saw this in an anime today: 'When I get this thing in my hands, I just can not control myself' 
My teacher was talking about Now and Later candies. After this girl won a piece in our class, she said, 'It's suppose to be hard now and soft later.' 
My sister had one of those bracelets that are just a flexible metal band that snaps around your wrist. She dropped and it did not snap up. She remarked, 'Wow. I'm surprised it remained stiff.' .
I was moving boxes with a colleague one day and she had a crate that was on wheels. She looked at me and said, 'You want a ride? All you have to do is sit on it.' .
My mom and I got some milkshakes at Jack in the Box the other day. The shakes were really thick and hard to get through the straw. My mom was having trouble, so she said, 'It's so good I could suck on it all day, it's just hard to get anything to come out.' 
My friend was asking me about my day. I told him that I went to the new zumba class at our gym. I told him that it's so fun and 'I probably look funny doing it, but it's a great workout.' .
I was sitting in I.T. class when my one friend wanted to copy a 3GB game but only had a 2GB flash drive. After ten minutes, the owner of the flash drive got frustrated and shouted, 'It's too big! It will never fit!' 
My friend and I were driving home from school when a car suddenly pulled out in front of her car and she had to slam on her brakes. I said, 'I hate it when they pull out when they know you are coming!' .
Today I was eating a Popsicle, but it started to melt and it got my fingers all sticky. When I got up to go wash them off my friend asked me where I was going, and I said 'I have to wash off my hands. After sucking on that thing they're all sticky.' 
A few weeks ago my sister was talking about the candy, Now n' Laters. She was talking about how at first they're really chewy, then they get softer, but she mixed it up and said, 'Yeah, when you suck on it, it gets harder.' 
One of my friends had never heard of Pop Rocks before, so I decided to play a joke on her by giving her a handful and telling her they were mints. When she put them in her mouth, she was calm for a moment, then she suddenly jumped up and screamed, 'Oh my God, something just exploded in my mouth!' 
There is a very awkwardly-placed speed bump at my friend's apartment that usually takes a few seconds to get over. I usually pass over it very slowly when my friend is in the truck so we don't get thrown around inside. One day I decided to cross it going fast and she replied, 'Wow! It's so much better when you do it faster!' 
Today during math class, we were given a worksheet. Somebody put it in their folder and the teacher told them to 'Take it out and start working on it.' 
I was busy working on my homework when my fiance announced, 'I wish you would finish already.' 
My friend bought an Arizona ice tea from another friend. After drinking some of it he put it down and said, 'This thing is huge. I can hardly put my hand around it and it wont fit in my mouth.' 
One time in culinary class in my junior year of high school my group was baking, and my partner and I were assigned to bake bread. As we were preparing the dough, she said something along the lines of, 'When you push it down, it's supposed to rise back up.' .
In P.E., me and my friend were walking the track which is next to the basketball court. As we walked past it a basketball almost hit us. My friend said, 'I hate it when balls come near me.' .
In class today, my professor couldn't figure out how to fix the computer. He then said, 'Alright Justin, what am I doing wrong here, help me out cause it shouldn't take this long.' 
At lunch today I was eating a sandwich and holding it with one hand. My friend said 'Wow, why do you only have one hand on there? Is it not big enough for both of them?' 
When I was in 5th period at school a guy was telling my teacher that he couldn't swallow milk because he was allergic. he said, 'I think I cant swallow it anymore.' .
Today in Literature, my teacher was talking about a certain type of chocolate and said, 'I like the long thick black ones.' 
In Chem class today our teacher splashed water on us to demo evaporation. He then asked, 'Will you be wet forever?' 
Today, I was sitting by my friend and a random fuzz started flying towards my face. I took it out of the air and put it on his arm. He asked why I did such a thing and without thinking I replied, 'It was coming at my face!' .
My dad, getting fed up with my sister for freaking out about eating an oyster said 'Just close your eyes and shove it in your mouth. Its small, slimy, and a little salty so you swallow it quick so you don't gag.' 
I was talking to my friend at school and was completely spacing out because I'm ADD. She was chatting on and on about the same subject and all I heard was, 'He just jammed it in and it really hurt!' 
The other day I was at Central Market with my mom and my sister. We were looking at zucchini and my mom says, 'The bigger ones aren't as good.' Then my sister asks 'Are they not as flavorful and juicy?' and my mom replies with, 'Exactly, the larger ones taste worse.' .
Today we were in biology. The girl to my right was trying to put the test tube stick in the container and she said, 'It won't go in, it's just way to small!' .
I was getting my blood taken about a week ago. The lady was getting the needle ready. So I say: 'It's not going to hurt is it? Should I look away?' She says: 'You will definitely feel it inside you. If it feels too hard, then we can slow down.' 
Well my friend was acting all retarded and she was really hyper and she took the lid off her pen and tried to put it on at the end of the pen and she kept yelling 'OMG! IT'S NOT GOING IN!' 
We were working in a computer lab, uploading photos for a journalism story. I didn't know where to put the camera chip, so i accidentally put it in the CD slot. My friend came over and went, 'You put it the wrong hole... take it out!' I yelled, in despair, 'It won't come!' 
During my basketball practice, my point guard had the ball. He drove into the lane and didn't have anywhere to go. One of my teammates started to yell at him, 'Pull it out! Pull it out!' 
This morning my friend was helping me put my new bellybutton ring back in, as it had come out and I couldn't get it back in. While she was demonstrating how to place it back in, she said, 'You just gotta stick it in there and move it around until the hole gets bigger, and that makes it easier to put it in next time.' 
Well, I'm at lunch during school and these two girls were sitting across the table from me, and they were apparently talking about bathroom stalls and one of them goes 'I like the big ones' 
While I was working on a report I am doing for engilsh, I was talking to my friend and she was talking about her report when she said, 'Grrr! This thing needs to be a lot bigger!!!' 
Today me and my lab partner were working on a project together on the computer. He didn't want to put the flashdrive into the computer because he thought there were files on it that would mess the computer up. Getting irritated, I yelled, 'Just stick it in already!' 
Today my friend and i were chewing some bubble gum while watching tv. Then she blew a bubble and said, 'Wow! That one was hard to blow.'. A second later my mom comes in and said 'Aren't they always hard' 
I was listening to the song 'You'll Be There' by George Strait and there's a line that goes 'And it might be a long, hard ride, but I'm gonna take it.' 
Me and some friends were on a trampoline and it broke so we had to get off. Later on some more kids started jumping on it and my girlfriend says 'GUYS GET OFF YOUR GONNA BREAK IT!! YOU CANT GET ON IT WHEN ITS DROOPING DOWN LIKE THAT!!!' 
For some reason my friends were talking about Popsicles and my friend Toni said, 'I love to suck them to get the juice.' 
I was watching this show where a man confessed his love to his best friend, and she responded with, 'Wow, this is a lot to swallow' 
Last night I was at a party and a girl was feeling two guys' afros. Remarking on the difference between their hair, she said to one of them 'Well, his is stiffer but yours is longer'. 
Today my mom asked me where she should plug in her charger on the computer. She's like 'Kaitlyn, what hole should I stick it in? the one in the front or the one in the back'? 
My grandpa was trying out a massage chair where these balls moved around inside of a cushion to massage you, and when I asked him if he liked it, he said, 'This would be so much more enjoyable if the balls were smaller.' 
I went to the mall with my mom and after we were going to go get tacos. We passed a giant taco billboard and she said 'WOW! That one is so big it makes we want it even more!' 
In club latino the other day my friend was telling me the right way too cook platanos (bananas). She told me how to know when their ripe and they're ready to put them in the pan. She said 'You have to wait for it to get hard and firm and then you can put it in.' 
Today at work I shot a big rubber band over my cubicle and hit my co-worker and he said, 'wow I didn't expect it to be that big' 
I was listening to Usher's new song 'More', and I heard the line in the chorus that says 'Gonna push it to the limit, give it more!' 
In art class my art teacher was teaching us how to make the simple 'pinch pots' he said, referring to our thumb and the clay, ' push it in, and when you think it's far enough, go a little farther.' 
Today in science we were doing a lab where you had to blow into a straw to create bubbles in a liquid. My lab partner had said that she wanted to blow the bubbles, but while she wasn't looking I did instead. She turned around and when she saw me said 'Take that out of your mouth! I'm supposed to do that, remember?' 
One day I was in art class and gluing things but the Elmers glue wouldn't work, so I said, 'it won't work!!' my guy friend, sitting near me then proceeded to yell in the fairly quiet art room, 'keep squeezing, I know you can do it!' 
The other day I heard these two girls talking about some kind of mythical creature they had to draw for art class and all I heard was 'It was long, and had a gigantic head.' 
The other day I overheard this girl talking to her friend, and she goes 'Just stick it in...Not there! Not there!' 
The other day my friend was talking about pasta, and all I heard was 'It slides in your mouth easier.' 
The other day I overheard this girl talking to her friend, and she goes 'Just stick it in...Not there! Not there!' 
I was helping my little sister put in her earrings because she can't do it without a mirror. One of her ears was a little infected, so when I tried to put in the earring, she said, 'Ow, please don't put it in that hole, it really hurts.' 
The hood of my friend's car was loose &amp; we were worried it would pop open while we were driving, so we stopped to check it. My friend checked the hood &amp; told us, 'I yanked on it really hard, but it wouldn't go up.' 
Today, my friend was complaining about being hungry and exclaimed, 'Just give me something to shove in my mouth!' .
Today, my friend did the triple atomic hot wing challenge at a local wing joint. He took one bite of the wing and turned beet red. He then teared up and shouted 'Why is this in my mouth!?' 
I was with my friends and while i was shaking a flavored water bottle, My friend says 'Shake it hard, that way it'll all come out' 
Today, I squeezed my friend's pressure point and he responded with, 'It hurts when you squeeze me there.' 
Last night I was asking my mom to get me a bowl so I could fix a bowl of beans. She wanted to know if I wanted a big one or a little one. I said, 'I like the bigger ones better because I can hold them better.' 
Today, I went to make hot chocolate, but found that all of the marshmallows were stale. My roommates reasoned with 'we only put hard things in our mouth' 
So I was sitting next to a girl at lunch and I had one of those squeezable Water bottles, but I put juice in it. And I couldn't get it open so she says to me 'when you get it open I know just the right way to squeeze it to get all the juice out' 
My sister was eating a piece of fruit for the first time and said with a digusted face, “I had to swallow quickly because I didn’t like the taste of it.” .
My cousin and his dad were on an aeroplane when a really hot air hostess walked up to them and asked if they wanted any inflight entertainment or snacks. My cousin pointed out to his Dad that they sold Fish Fingers, (one of his favourite snacks) and asked the waitress: 'How much for a finger and a movie?' .
Today, my friend and I were talking about sound systems in cars. I brought up another friend of mine, who'd recently gotten one installed. Without thought, I said, 'When he turns it up, it goes so hard it hurts...Like it made me cry.' 
A couple days ago, my teacher was going over a packet she had printed to find out which questions we would use on an upcoming test and so we could study a little. She had said prior to starting the class that there were about 150 questions on the packet, but we would choose about 50-60 for the test. She said that we were suggesting ones that were too easy and wanted us to challenge ourselves. She started skipping some and reading out harder ones and question 69 was one of the hardest. When no one answered, she then said, 'Yeah, it's hard. Why doesn't someone come up here and do 69 with me in front of the class?' 
I was in math class and this kid in my class went up to get a paper towel. He put his hand to the machine and he said, 'It's stuck! Help me get it out!' .
Yesterday, my friend was talking about her grandparent's chihauhau they had just got and she said, 'It's so small, but it's so fun and nice to play with!' 
Everyone at work has nerf guns. My office mate brought it a rather small one and said, 'Just because it's small doesn't mean it doesn't work'. .
My teacher was handing out our tests, which had several pages. He said, 'Please don't feel threatened by the thickness of this. It shouldn't be too hard.' .
My math teacher was really excited about getting new compasses and she said 'These things are great, you just slide it up and down on the bar, but you have to make sure it's sticky. Not too sticky because then it doesn't budge but if it is too loose it just slides up and down with no control!' .
My friend was nervous about getting her ear pierced, but after it was quick and painless she exclaimed, 'It went in already! i didn't even feel it!' 
I was watching a video with this lady demonstrating how to set your microwave so you can eat your food as soon as it comes out without waiting for it to cool. She said, 'The main goal I have here is to be able to take it out and pop it straight in my mouth without any pain.' 
My girlfriend's mom went to Sonic and got one of their slushy things. They have 'happy hour specials', which is a pretty big cup for $1. She brings one home and says, 'I could suck on it all night for only $1!' 
In science, my friend picked a pretzel stick off the floor and was about to eat it. Somebody tried to stop him but he said, 'Too late! It's already in my mouth and it tastes fine to me.' .
My mom and sister were making fruit smoothies and my sister goes, 'Whats that?' My mom goes, 'Thats where all the tasty juice comes out.' .
My friend was lying on her stomach during drama class and realized that the floor of the stage had just been painted the day before. She yelled, 'I have to change positions! It's all sticky over here!' 
A friend and I were talking about how he pulled his iPhone out and it slipped out of his hand and hit the concrete. I said, 'Yeah, they're slick when they don't have anything on them.' .
Me and My friend were sitting down studying for finals and from across the room I heard someone say, 'Can you just get it in already?' 
In French class today, I heard my teacher and one of my classmates talking about coffee straws before the bell rang. I heard my teacher say, 'Do you know how long it'd take me to suck in order to get a swallow full?' .
In order to inflate an air mattress my brother needed to attach a hose to a hole in the air mattress. Having difficulty determining which hole to use, he proudly proclaimed, 'As soon as I pulled it out I found the other hole.' .
I was watching Mythbusters and they were discussing a myth when Jamie said, 'This one looks like a smally one, but a fun one.' 
I was in History class when I wanted to put on some hand sanitizer. I popped open the lid and some shot out at me. Without thinking, I yelled out, 'Ahh! It just squirted on my face!' .
I was Calling PetCo and the audio was bad. I said 'hello?' and the woman on the line said, 'You're going in and out.' .
I was watching Jersey Shore and Snooki took a bite of food and said: 'Mmmm it's so juicy.' Pauly D immediately said: '.'
One day at school this guy in my class was looking through my friend's purse and couldn't find what he was looking for, so my friend said to him, 'No, you have to stick your whole hand in there.' 
One day in Jazz Band our band director decided to get out the baritone saxophone and she started playing it. After a few seconds she stopped and said, 'Man, I could honk on this thing all day!' 
In English class, my teacher said about a grammar exercise, 'Let's just do this one orally because it will gradually get harder as we go on.' .
My friend barely kicked a soccer ball and it happened to roll past the goalie and into the goal. In his excitement for the unusual play he exclaimed, 'It wasn't hard but it was in so it still counts!' 
My friend, describing roundabouts in Massachusetts, rambled 'not everyone can do it, there's a technique for getting on and staying in, and frankly getting out can be just as difficult. Not to mention, a lot of people don't know what they're doing while they're in there.' 
I was at lunch and my female co-worker order a turkey sub. I guess it was too much for her because she said, 'That's too much meat to put inside your body at once. But I enjoy it.' 
Today, I was working my job at a fast food restaurant. I went to go clean the dining room and I spotted an older woman attempting to eat one of our bigger sandwiches. I then heard her exclaim, 'How am I supposed to get my mouth around this?' .
Today in class, my classmate was doing crochet. She told my other classmate, 'Haha, my hole got super big.' .
Yesterday I got lolly-pops &amp; they were really big. My sister said, 'It's too big for my mouth.' .
My Mom and I just finished making fudge and I asked if I could put it in the fridge. She responded with 'You can't put it in yet, it's not hard.' .
I was playing Call of Duty Black Ops they other day and we were winning. The team announcer yelled, 'We almost have this! Push harder!' 
I was getting on a bus after a concert. There was a group of six people ahead of me and they let me on first. They were the last ones on and the bus was crowded, so one woman in the group asked me, 'Can you go a little deeper?' 
I told my friend that if she understood things in class the first time, she wouldn't need to study so much. She complained that she 'can only take in so much at a time.' 
I was with a couple of friends in the park and saw one of these white puffy dandelions. I pointed to it and turned to my friend and said, ' I want to blow that one!' 
I was at lunch and one of my female co-workers said, 'How do you caulk it, because my husband nailed it but it wasn't filled.' 
Today in music class we had to put together guitars with partners. Two guys in my home room were partners and suddenly one yelled out in aggression, 'You idiot, wrong hole!' 
Last year in physics we were doing a lab and my teacher was telling us how to do this one step. He said, 'You have to wrap your hands around it and rub it up and down vigorously.' 
Every morning when I wake up I have a protein drink. The other day we got another brand of straws that for some reason just didn't work. I had just woken up so I was too tired to stop myself from saying, 'I'm sucking hard but it's not coming up.' 
I was eating some ice cream sandwiches with my friends and one of my friends said, 'Oh no, it's leaking white stuff.' .
I overheard this guy talking about a science experiment gone wrong. Loudly without thinking he said to his friend, 'I wish we would have recorded that moment when the thing blew up and exploded all over my face!' .
At work me and my co-worker were running wire in conduit that already had wire in it. He became frustrated and said, 'It's such a tight fit with the other three already in there!' 
Last year during class my friend was trying to sneakily eat one of those Dole fruit bowls. She kept talking while doing it so I said to her 'just go eat your fruit.' The teacher kept walking around the classroom so in response she said, 'I'm trying to but every time I put it in my mouth he comes.' 
So my friend and I were hanging out one day and his mom took us to Wendy's. She asked him what he would like and he ordered a small chocolate shake. We received the shake and he started to try to drink it: 'OMG, it's not coming out! No matter how much I suck, its too thick.' 
I heard some girls talking about going to a friend's house. At one point one of them asked, 'Why don't you just come at the same time as me?' .
I had a substitute for my Civics class yesterday. A couple of students were passing around some hand sanitizer, and the sub snatched it from one of them and gave it back to its owner. As an explanation, she said, 'If one of you starts squirting that thing around, this is going to get serious.' 
Me and my friend were at a hotel, and we needed to get into our room. I repeatedly attempted to put in my key card to unlock the door, but it wouldn't work and I got frustrated. I gave the card to my friend and she did it on her first try. When I asked her how she did it, she said, 'You put in slow and pull it out fast.' .
So I'm at work making fun of my boss in the back room. She laughs it off and I tell her to shut up. She reply's by saying. 'Dont come in my face and expect me to keep my mouth shut!' .
I was at my piano lesson, and I messed up with my fingering and couldn't reach one of the notes. My teacher said, 'You need to be careful with your fingering, or else you won't make it all the way up.' 
I was with my girlfriend and she went to print something off the computer. When she got back she said 'That was quick.' 
I was in cooking class looking at the cinnamon rolls we were cooking and all of a sudden someone else in my cooking group shouted 'They're getting HUGE!' () I then proceeded to say, 'Yeah, they make yours look tiny.' 
My friend was complaining about her hand cramping up painfully: 'I think the main problem is I use my hand so much it doesn't get a break.' 
Today after lunch I had to clean the tables at school. Apparently someone put ranch on there pizza and I said, 'Eww! What is that nasty white stuff?!' 
A friend of mine at work came into my office with pastries galore. After setting the bagel and apple fritter on the desk, she then pulled a muffin out of her pocket. I said 'who pulls a muffin out of their pocket?' She then stated, 'I didn't have enough hands to hold it!' 
I was watching my brother-in-law and his dad change out a transmission he trashed while at the sand dunes. They were aligning the spare transmission and getting ready to put one of the bolts in when his dad said, 'Don't put that in there, the hole is too dirty' 
I was sitting in orchestra practice when we had trouble with the notes. The conductor told us, 'Don't blow but finger them.' .
I was watching the TV show Pawn Stars and a guy brought in an old shotgun. The pawn broker looked at it and said, 'I can't imagine what it would be like to be on the receiving end of that thing.' 
In the hallway on the way to my next class, I overheard a girl asking a different girl, 'Do I still have white stuff on my face?' ,and the other girl looked and said, 'No, I think its all cleaned up.' 
I was talking to one of my friends online about hanging out soon before I leave for college again. She asked when I leave and when I told her it's in 10 days, she told me, 'I think I can squeeze you in.' 
A couple weeks ago while riding in the backseat of my grandparents' car with my maw maw, my seatbelt wouldn't work. Noticing my struggle my grandmaw looked at me and said, 'You have to pull it out, shake it a little, give it a minute then stick it in really fast.' .
Today my friend and I were making cupcakes. I stuck my finger in the frosting. She said, 'You need to quit sticking your fingers in things.' 
I have Asperger's Syndrome, which means I have challenges with social interaction. Today I met someone who mentioned that he has it, too. So we got to talking about it and how we like small groups of people, but we're shy in large groups of people. He said, in reference to groups of people, 'Yeah, the bigger it is, the harder it is.' 
My sister was trying to put her assignments from her laptop onto an external hard drive, and her CD drive popped out. She then said to Mom, 'Oh this popped out, do I just put it back in?' .
Today in English class when our teacher was talking about how important it is to do an assignment. he said that is you don't do it, 'You're going to get yourself in a deep hole.' 
I was with my roommate when she accidentally locked her keys inside her car. Luckily we found a guy to help us. He had this device with rubber at the end of it that he said is useful for this type of situation. After a few unsuccessful attempts, my roommate says, 'That's not doing the job, let's try it without the rubber now.' 
Today in Old Testament class our teacher was talking about how the Israelites knew about their history before the first five books of the Bible were written, and she said '...it was mostly oral.' 
Today me and my friend were talking about connecting an xbox controller. She said 'Just put it in, make sure it won't come out, and I will take care of the rest.' 
My buddy was going for a handshake with a friend of his who was leaving his house. He grabbed his hand too early, completely messing up the handshake. He then apologized saying, 'Messed up the entry there. Sorry, let's try that again.' 
Today, my friend and I were discussing my winter job (I work at a sledding hill) and how I won't be working till we get more snow. I ended the conversation with, 'We need at least 6 more inches before we can continue.' 
I was texting my friend about an annoying, but sweet, guy who always tries to talk to me in class and said, 'Yeah, he was trying to get all deep with me, and he just kept plugging away at but it wasn't working.' 
I was sitting in Computer Apps class one day when the teacher got out this huge old computer disc. He was in the middle of explaining it when someone yelled out, 'What kinda hole do you put that big thing in?' .
Today in Jazz Band, we were getting our instruments ready to play. The percussion player came up to my friend, who plays Bari Saxophone. As a joke, he stuck his hand into the saxophone's bell and then she yelled 'Get your hand outta the hole!' 
Today during a basketball game I was about to throw the ball in to someone and my teammate yells, 'Come on! Let's get it in!' 
One day in drama class one kid had a line were she said, 'Look, my lord, it comes!' 
While learning to fly an airplane my instructor had me switch a switch from off to on. The switch had to be pulled out before moving it so he started to say, 'Pull it out, pull it out!' 
My friend was talking about how puffy her cheeks were when she got her wisdom teeth out and my other friend said, 'You looked like you had two enormous balls in your mouth.' 
My cousin was ejecting a CD she had just burned from my computer, when she asked, 'When it's finished, where does it come out from?' 
I went to my friend's house and his mom is a daycare provider. That day she was teaching them how to make homemade ice-cream. Suddenly she said to the kids making their ice-cream, 'You have to keep shaking it, that's how you make it hard!' 
My Mom and I were talking about restaraunts and she said 'I love BJ's.' 
I wore a new skinny tie to work and asked my coworker if she liked it. She said, 'I don't mind that it's skinny, it's just not long enough.' .
When we were taking notes in class, a kid asked, 'Can I take notes on the back of the paper?' And my teacher replied, 'Now, the back is just as good as the front.' 
In class today, my teacher was calling on different people to read each paragraph of a news article. The girl behind me got called on to read a particularly lengthy paragraph, but she had an excuse ready: 'It's too long and my throat hurts.' 
My church youth group had a 'lock-in' in which we stayed up all night last night. At about 3:30 in the morning a couple of us where sitting around telling jokes and my friend told a whole bunch in a row. When he said he couldn't think of any more a girl said, 'Nooo that was great, keep going!' 
My friends and I decided to hit the movies. When we got there we ordered refreshments. My boyfriend got a large drink and it was bigger than the cup holders in the theater. He said 'It's too big!' and then forced it in and said, 'Now I can't get it out!' 
I was watching the game show Lingo. At one point the host told a female contestant, 'Reach down there and pull out some balls.' 
Today at my aunt's house my Dad was eating and my Mom said something to him and he said, 'Hold on, I have nuts in my mouth.' .
One day, my cousins came over. My dog started to lick one of the cousin's hand and he said,' You can lick it all you want, but don't bite it.' 
My mom told me to take out the trash so as I am about to go outside with the bag, she stops me and spots something that wasn't supposed to be in the bag. She said, 'Whoa, wait a second. How on earth did that get in there?'
My friend and I were shopping for pipes when she turned to me and said, 'the smallest I'll go for is 3.5 inches.' .
My drama teacher was teaching me and my class a dance for a show we were putting on. She handed the CD with the song on it to my friend, but he just stood there. So she looked at my friend and said, 'Oh, come on! Just stick it in already.' 
Today I was playing Rockband with my friends and my friend was trying to put the drumsticks back into the case. He then said, 'I just can't get it in there.' .
In class, we were in groups working to make a pulley system. We had to make a slip-knot so we could just slip it on and off the hook on a spring scale and not retie it every time. When Mariana finished tying it she held up the loop so Liam could put the hook through and she said, 'Okay Liam, stick it in there.' 
The other day my friend was speaking in Old English just for fun and a group of us were walking out of a room, when my other friend paused and said to him, 'Art thou coming?' 
My dad works with a water works company and he was telling me about this one client he had who had a pretty bad (although small) leak in her plumbing. She explained to him, 'I tried to stick a tampon and a few other things in there but it just didn't stop anything, so I figured it was time to call a big, strong man to do the job for me.' 
Yesterday, my wife and I were looking at new cars. While we were looking at some SUVs we started talking about whether or not we could fit them in our garage, which is up a bit of a hill. We found a really nice Land Rover, to which she said, 'It's so big! I can see it getting up there but I don't know if it'll fit in.' 
My mom bought some new forks. My sister and i dont like them because they are so much heavier and thicker. My mom was explaining to my grandma why we dont like them and said, 'They look thick to begin with, but when you put them in your mouth it is really quite surprising our thick they really are.' 
I was getting a haircut when I zoned out and listened to the person getting their hair styled next to me. The hairdresser told her to use her fingers to curl it after showering in the morning. The lady responded, 'Oh, yeah, I finger myself all the time.' 
Tonight at dinner, my brother ate quickly because he was really hungry. My mom said, 'You're really shoving it in, aren't you?' 
My aunt came to visit us to see my sister perform in a Christmas play. She had just gotten back from the dentist, and he had used Novocaine near her gumline and close to her lips, making her upper lip feel very loose afterwards. Overhearing her talking to my mom, I heard her say 'The dentist said I should just massage it nice and easy to make it feel harder.' .
At dinner one night, my brother pretended to throw a dinner roll at me. He said, 'It almost slipped out of my hand!' .
I was playing in a golf foursome. My buddy left his makeable birdie putt short of the hole and said, 'Aww, I just needed two more inches.'
I was watching Million Dollar Money Drop and the couple that was playing agreed on the answer but they weren't 100% sure. One of them said, 'Well if we go down, we go down together.' 
I live in San Diego and it's raining a whole lot right now and everybody is freaking out. I was watching the news and the weather lady said, in reference to the rain, 'It's still coming, and it's going keep coming for a while.' 
Today, a classmate was trying to blow sand for an experiment. She suddenly said, 'I tried to blow it, but it got in my eyes.' .
I was helping my friend redecorate her house. while taking out fine china, she said,'Be very careful,if you slip, it might break.' 
We were talking about taking pills in math class one day. One of my friends asked me if I was sure I took the pills. To which I responded, 'I think I'd know if something went down my throat or not!' 
Me and my ex-girlfriend were out one night watching a movie when she spilled our drink on the ground. She bent over to try to soak some of it up and she said, 'Oh my God! It keeps on coming!' 
In gym class, a girl was holding a bag open for everyone to put their basketballs away in. One guy was just playing around instead of putting his away so the girl said, 'Stop playing with it and just put it in already!' 
Today I was putting boxes in the attic. When we got to the last box I couldn't find room for it so my Mom said, 'Just stick it wherever it will fit.' 
I was over at my friend's house, and her neighbor was over. When he was leaving, he started to go through the bushes to get to his house. My friend's brother yelled, 'No! You can't go in that way!' 
I was sitting in computer class and I went to pull out a friend's headphones when he said, 'Don't you dare pull that out yet!' .
My chef asked me to pull out some sautee pans tonight. I got the small non sticks and he said, 'I think I need a big black one.' .
In my chorus class we were singing a song and my teacher stopped singing for 5 seconds and then said, 'Oops, sorry, I swallowed.' 
Today my Spanish teacher was talking about our final and she said, 'Don't worry, it won't be very long. Or hard, for that matter.' 
I was watching the new Chronicles of Narnia. One of the characters says 'All he does is sit there and rub his tin sword all day long.' .
I was watching Jersey Shore and Pauly and Vinny were playing catch. Pauly knocked over a glass and spilled juice on Vinny and Vinny said, 'Ahh, I got juice all over me!' .
My friend Jen was playing a game on the iPhone and she was pissed and screamed out loud, 'Holy fuck, why is this so hard?' 
I was in the bathroom at a bar and the girl in the stall next to me asked her friend to pass her some toilet paper under the bathroom stall. As her friend tried to hand her the roll she said, 'It's too big, it won't fit.'
I was watching a Harry Potter movie and Harry and Ron were describing a wand: '10 inches, black, nothing special.' 
My teacher gave everyone in the class a blow-pop since we all got As on a test. My friend got her boyfriend to open it and flirtily said, 'Take off the wrapper and pop that sucker in.' 
Me and my friends were eating jam donuts in the back of my mum's car. My friend was spilling the jam so my mum said, 'Don't let it get sticky back there or we won't do it again.' 
Yesterday, my friends and I were making dinner for some people as part of a program. After we were done we all got ourselves dinner. One of the girls in the group went to take a drink of juice when she said, 'I don't think I can swallow this.' 
My friend was talking about P90X and said, 'I'm so mad! I haven't done it for so long and then I fell asleep!' .
In Jazz band we practiced bar 69 of our jazz piece, then we went on to practice the rest. When the director wanted to get back to bar 69, she said, 'We haven't done 69 in a long time so you might not remember how to do it.' 
I was playing with play-doh and my friend wanted some. I gave her a really tiny piece and she said, 'It's too small, I won't be able to play with this!' .
Today at lunch my friend and I were chewing gum and having a contest to see who could make the biggest bubble. After she popped a particularly big bubble she looked at me and smiled: 'I blew another huge one!' .
Me and my best friend were trying to fit something into a bag and he said, 'Here you hold it, and i'll slip it in, ok?' 
The other day our teacher was putting us in groups of two and a girl wanted to have another person in her group. So she loudly asked the teacher, 'Does it have be just one partner or can it be a three-way?' .
I was trying to figure out how to work a computer program and was getting so frustrated that I turned to my friend and yelled, 'It's so hard, I cant do it anymore!' 
My friend and I were in Spanish class eating lollipops and my friend said, 'When you lick it you get white stuff on your tongue.' 
I was in home ec class and we were making muffins. My friend was looking in the oven at the muffins as they were baking, and she exclaimed, 'Oh wow! They're so big! I hope they'll be able to fit in my mouth!' 
In my band class, some kid had some trouble and my band teacher said, 'Stick it in your mouth and blow quickly.' .
My jacket has a hole in the arm. My friend wanted to borrow it and I told her to 'be careful not to put it in the wrong hole.' 
At dinner tonight, my dog was under the table and she rested her head on my mom's lap. My mom got annoyed and said to the dog, 'I love you, but you have to get out from between my legs' 
I was watching a show called Most Extreme Airports and they were talking about one in the Caribbean where the runaway is right up against the beach and people like to hold on to the fence and get blown back by the jet blast from the plane's engines. They were interviewing a guy who was about to do it and as a huge 747 was taxiing up to the runway. He says, 'Looks like I'm going to be riding this one. It looks pretty big, but I think I can handle it.' 
I was baking a cake and I asked my mom if it was finished. When I took it out and thought it was done, she said, 'Put it back in, it's still moist in the middle.' 
I was in drafting class and my teacher was trying to show us how to use the special pencil sharpeners. She strained her eyes and said, 'Now if I can just get it in the hole, I'll show it to you up close and personal.' .
My Dad was watching football and I heard the announcer yell '...a great penetration!' 
My friend was getting some pop in our school dinning hall and it must have had some pressure built up in it because he said, 'That just kind of squirted out there, didn't it!' .
My friend and I are on the same hockey team. While we were sitting on the bench I grabbed my water bottle and squirted water down the back of my pants. I then turned to my teammate and said. 'Oh it feels so good, you just insert here and squeeze.' .
I was chilling with my friends, and decided to mess with one of the girls. I took her bag and emptied it of all its contents. When she realized what I did she screamed, 'Why'd you take it out?! Put it back in!' .
Yesterday my friend was wearing pants that were a little higher up then they should be. Because of that I jokingly wanted to know where his bellybutton was. So our conversation consisted of: 'Ugh! I can't find it!' (TWHS) 'No, no, go back you were just in it!' 
I was at the store with my friend and I gave her a piece of Orbit Mist gum to try (the kind that gets moist when you chew). She started chewing it and said, 'When you put it in your mouth it starts out hard but then if you keep going it gets really wet.' .
When we were in class my friend said, 'Sadness... even thought it's hard you need suck it up and swallow it.' 
The other day in P.E. we were doing sit-ups and the teacher said to one of the students, 'Faster, Joseph! Keep pushing! I know it's hard, but we're almost done.' 
At the restaurant I work at, in the dish room, a busser was filling a dish rack with dirty glassware. The dish washer asked if the rack was full yet, to which my co-worker replied, 'No, I've still got one more slot' 
Today in P.E. we were learning how to do a stretch and the teacher said 'It's a lot easier with your legs open.' 
Today I overheard two girls talking and right as I tuned in, one of them said, '...there's one in the front and one in the back.' 
In band class, the oboe player and the tuba player were comparing instruments. When looking in the bell of the tuba, the oboe player exclaimed, 'Wow, dude, your hole is so big compared to mine!' 
Today my friend was eating cotton candy and I noticed he was grabbing it with his hands instead of biting right into it. His explanation was 'I'd much rather get my fingers sticky than my mouth.' 
My birthday was yesterday and my mom got me a cake from my favorite bakery. As she was cutting it, she marveled, 'It's so deep, and moist!' .
I was in summer camp and me, my friend, and a counselor were fixing a tennis net when the camp counselor goes, 'You gotta go further in.' 
Today, I was at my school's spaghetti dinner with my family. My brother shook up my mom's soda as a prank. My entire class witnessed my mom waving around an overflowing Diet Coke while my dad yelled, 'Come on, put your mouth on it! Suck it! Suck it, Kathy!' .
I was on my first date with my now-girlfriend and she was eating a burrito. I said 'are you ok?' because she was struggling. She said, 'Yeah but it's too big. I can't fit it in my mouth' 
Today while in geometry, my teacher was handing out a packet we had to do for homework. We all complained because of how long it would take us to do the packet. She said in response, 'I know. It's thick and big, just how I like it.' .
I was helping my mom cook dinner. I was stirring and she said, 'Make sure you beat it until it gets really hard, and then put it in.' .
I was listening to the song 'Need You Now' by Lady Antebellum and I noticed that in the first chorus there's a line that goes, 'I said I wouldn't come, but I've lost all control and I need you now.' 
I was drinking bubble tea (tea with small tapioca balls in it) with my friend when she started coughing really hard. When she stopped coughing she said, 'I had to suck really hard to get it up then it went straight to the back of my throat!' .
Today, I was trying to figure out where the flash drive plugged into my computer, so I asked my dad to help. He said, 'Just keep shoving it into holes and you'll find the right one eventually.' .
Yesterday, we were hanging out at a friends house having a good time when one of the girls took a drink. She set her glass down and said, 'I don't like to swallow right away, I like to keep it in my mouth.' .
I was babysitting this really awful kid who wouldn't listen and was running around the house doing everything I told him NOT to do. I warned him several times to stay away from a mouse trap set up in the kitchen, and the next thing I knew he was starting to stick his finger in it. I yelled, 'Pull your finger out of there!' .
I was riding horses with my friend. We were cantering pretty fast and I guess she didn't like it because she said, 'Can we slow down? Actually, can we just dismount for a minute? I need to catch my breath, I'm not used to riding this hard.' 
My car was parked close to a wall and my friend needed to be able to open the passenger side door, so I said, 'Let me pull out so you can get in.'
I was in English class with my friend and the teacher was explaining how to do an assignment. About 15 minutes later, the teacher came to check on our progress. My friend hadn't gotten much work done, and she said 'This is confusing, and it's taking too long!' To which the teacher responded, 'Well if you'd have been doing it right 5 minutes ago, you would be done by now!' 
Today I bought a new TV. I was trying to put the wire in the socket but it wouldn't fit. My friend said try pushing it harder, followed by, Don't push it in too hard because you might break it.' 
My family went to my aunt's house for Thanksgiving. We were greeted by her very energetic dog, who was exited to see us. I blurted out, 'He just shoved his head in between my legs!' 
I was at my trombone lesson, tuning my instrument, when my teacher said (referring to the tuning slide), 'Pull it out a little bit, it's in too far.' .
This morning I was making hot chocolate and I asked my Dad where our coffee mugs were. He said, 'There should be a big black one in there.' 
I was at Chef Lin restaurant and I picked up my Grann's donut off her plate. My Paw-Paw said, 'Well now you have to eat it because you already fingered it.' 
Today my Dad and I were changing the light bulb in this weird hanging light. We had to take a cover off the bottom to get to the bulb. When we were putting it back on he said to me (in reference to the screws), 'Can you screw it in the other holes?' () Then when we were done he said, 'That wasn't as hard as I thought it was going to be.' 
In my religion class today, the teacher gave us a two-page paper to write. The girl sitting next to me freaked out and asked if he just said a ten-page paper. When I told her it was only two, she said 'Oh thank God it's shorter. Otherwise that would be waaayyy too long for me to handle.' .
I was a work and one of my coworkers went to the printer to get a screen printout and said 'Oh, it finally came out.' .
I went with my boyfriend and his family up north, and we decided to go canoeing and kayaking. As we were getting ready, my boyfriend's brother was asking his girlfriend to bring the canoe over to him. When she asked why, he responded: 'I don't want to get my legs all wet before I get it in!' 
I was at dinner with My grandparents, parents, and little sister. While debating the color of Red Robin's tortilla chips my mom told my grandpa, 'Just close your eyes, they all taste the same.' 
In gym class we were playing dodgeball. We were really immature and every time the teacher would say 'ball' or 'balls' we'd go !. She started getting really annoyed and she said, 'Guys, I know that fits in a lot of places, but you have to learn to control it.' .
My chef asked me to pull out some sautee pans tonight. i got the small non sticks and he said ' I think i need a big black one.' .
In my chorus class we were singing a song and my teacher stopped singing for 5 seconds and said, 'Oops, sorry, I swallowed' .
My friends were pregaming with Southern Comfort. When I opened the bottle, I said 'It tastes better than it smells' 
I was late on handing in a paper. My teacher said, 'Okay, well, I'll still take it. Just make sure you put it in my box tonight.' .
The other day our teacher was talking to a student who was supposed to turn in a major assignment and the teacher said, 'It's pretty big, so you better get it in to me.' 
My friend had been wanting me to come to our church's Youth Group for a long time and so yesterday I finally did. When I got out of the car she ran up and said exitedly, 'You came! You came! It's about time!' 
Today in Geometry my teacher was using her finger to write on the Smartboard instead of her pad and pen that she usually uses. Out of the blue she said, 'I do this way better with my fingers.' 
My friend was trying to get a cap out of bottle. He tried and tried and finally gave up. I then asked he was giving up and he said, 'The hole is not big enough.' .
Towards the end of the first Iron Man movie, Pepper Potts (Gwyneth Paltrow) walks into the warehouse to discover the original Iron Man suit that Jeff Bridges used to make his. Upon seeing the suit hanging on the wall she says, 'I thought it would be bigger than that.' 
My friend was talking about the homework assignment we had over the Thanksgiving break and she said, 'I did all the hard ones last night.' 
I was watching the TV show Border Wars which is about the U.S. Border Patrol. They found drugs in the back of a vehicle and one of the agents said, 'There's a huge load in the rear.' 
Once in chemistry, my teacher asked a student how the homework was and she replied, 'Its not that it was hard, it was just very very long.' 
My coworkers and I were ordering subs for lunch. There was a special going on where you either got an 8-inch or 12-inch sub so one of my coworkers said, 'I'll have the 8-inch, I haven't had a 12-inch in a while.' TWWS
I was making pasta and I spilled some of the water on me and I said, 'It came all over me and I'm all wet.' 
My friend was eating an ice cream slow and she said, 'I like to do it slow because it lasts longer.' 
I was practicing hitting in volleyball with my church team. My pastor was setting and tight means a short and close set. My pastor said, 'That was really slippery, do you want it tighter, Jordan?' 
My friend was eating peanuts and I asked him if I could have one. About 20 minutes after I ate them, I said, 'I still have the flavor of your nuts on my tongue!' .
We were in computer class making PowerPoint presentations. My friend Jessie was talking about her number of slides when she said, 'Wow this one is really long, it might take a while. Hope you guys can handle it.' 
In math class today we had a test. I had completed it, so I went to pass it in. My friend is really shy and doesn't like to go up to teachers alone so she said 'Don't finish before me! Wait for me, so I don't have to finish by myself!' .
There was a cake in the oven. My dad went to go see if it was done and my mom told him to 'poke it and if it jiggles, put it back in for another 5 minutes.' .
My brother recently had a basketball game. The gym we were in didn't have any air conditioning, so everyone was extra sweaty. When we got home after the game my mom told my brother, 'make sure you wash your hands after handling those sweaty balls.' 
We were watching Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. During the part where they were learning how to fly on broomsticks the teacher says, 'I want you to mount it and grip it tight. I don't want you sliding off the end. Lean forward slightly and touch back down.' 
I was talking with my friend at lunch. My friend told a joke and I laughed so hard that I slapped my apple juice onto him and he screamed, 'It's everywhere! Give me a tissue! ' 
This girl in math class was talking about a math problem in our assignment. She said, 'Whoa, that's a long one.' .
I was in my cooking class. MY cooking group was making pies. After we finished my friend had flour on her face and I said, 'You have white stuff all over your face.' 
I was on the train with some of my workmates and they were deciding where to go to dinner. One of them was talking about Asian food and the other said, 'You really need to be in the mood for it or it just leaves you feeling unsatisfied.' .
I was watching a short commercial my school made to ask people to sponsor pages in the yearbook. At the end, the girl said, 'Make sure to get it in there quick.' .
I was at a bonfire a few nights ago and came home with marshmallow on my pants. My sister noticed, pointed to it, laughed, and said, 'How'd that white stuff get all over your pants?' .
One day my dad told me he was at work and he and some guys had to do wiring. One of them asked, 'Which hole does it go in?' and another said, 'It doesn't matter.' .
My friends and I were in the locker room. I wasn't in their conversation but I turn around and I hear, 'Just put your hand down there and grab it'. 
So a friend and I were sitting here reading 's on this website, and he was moving his slide phone up and down and suddenly stopped. Without thinking, I was like 'Dude, why'd you just stop randomly?' .
Today, a friend and I were reminiscing about the first day of college. I was telling her how I contemplated staying at home that day because of a storm, to which she replied, 'I came that day and I got massively wet.' 
Today me and my friends were in art class when I went to sharpen a short colored pencil. When I got back to the table, I set it down and my friend broke the tip, I made a sad face and they told me to go sharpen it again, so I got up to sharpen it again and came back and said, 'I can't, it wont go in any further, and if I push it anymore it'll get stuck!' .
I was at the store with my friend and I gave her a piece of the Orbit Mist gum to try (the kind that gets moist when you chew). She started chewing it and said, 'When you put it in your mouth it starts out hard but then if you keep going it gets really wet.' .
The other day in P.E. we were doing sit-ups and the teacher said to one of the students 'Faster, Joseph! Keep pushing! I know it's hard, but we're almost done.' 
I was watching the CMA Awards which Carrie Underwood and Brad Paisley were co-hosting. Carrie Underwood was talking about Miranda Lambert's wedding, and she said on national television 'It was just so beautiful, and big, and perfect.' Brad Paisley: .
My overworked boss pulls out his recycling box of shredded paper and says, 'Look at how full my box is, I can barely get my hand in it.' .
I was on the phone with my friend trying to convince her to wait for me to watch a movie. She said 'If I have to wait for you to come I'll be here all night!' .
I was walking through the paper towel aisle in the grocery store with my mom, and she was asking me to help her look for some absorbent paper towels. I picked up a roll of paper towels and asked, 'How about these?' She responded, 'Those are too thin. They won't last very long'. .
I was watching Sarah Palin's Alaska and she was climbing Mt. McKinley and they came to a part with a lot of crevasses. Sarah Palin yelled 'Wow! That's a deep, dark crack down there!' 
My teacher was talking about a car crash she got into and said, 'Without any warning, he just plowed me from behind!' .
In band class today, my band teacher said to pull out our mouth pieces and blow. One girl was yanking super hard on her mouth piece she said, 'Wow, the dang thing is really in there, how will I get it out?!' .
We were doing a science experiment in class which consisted us to gently dip a piece of wood in the water and record the waves. Our teacher then yelled, 'No! You must stick it in, and make sure it's moist!' .
Today, I was in science class and our teacher was telling us to poke a hole in the bottom of a cup and she said, 'You have to put it on the hole and push it in.' .
I was in history class, and started poking my friend in the back with my pencil. She finally got so tired of it she said, 'If you don't stop sticking that thing in me, I'll break it off!' .
Ralph in Lord of the Flies: 'More wood! You all need to get more wood!' 
My mom has this issue with me and my brother belching. One time, my brother burped with his mouth shut and my mom was about to yell at him, but he said, 'When you think about it, it was inside of my mouth, so it doesn't really count.' 
My friend was cooking chicken and was worried the oil was going to splatter out of the pan. He then said, 'My biggest fear is that it's going to get into my eyes.' 
My friend was unscrewing a toy to get the battery out and said, 'I've been screwing this thing for like 5 minutes, but it still wont come out!'
After it rained, my friends and I were playing on the soccer field. One of my friends fell down while chasing the ball and he said,'It's so slippery, I can't stop!' .
My choir teacher was putting her flute together and it wasn't working. A student said, 'Make sure it's in all the way'. 
Was golfing in a best-ball foursome for a bachelor party. The best golfer in our group was playing particularly lousy for his standards. As we got to the tee box on the 4th hole, he looks over at the rest of the group and says, 'Sorry guys, it usually takes me a few holes to get warmed up.' .
Yesterday in P.E. we were playing dodgeball and I didn't know people could hit you from behind. When I got hit I said to my friend, 'I just got nailed from behind!' 
A few days ago, my friend was trying to get all of her books into her locker. The guy that has the locker under hers said, 'Just hurry up and shove it all in there!' 
I was having dinner with a few friends, none of whom were very skilled or confident at carving a turkey. One of us admitted he had some experience (or had at least watched a YouTube video), so he decided to try. Someone else started to criticize the job he was doing, to which he responded, 'I've never done one this big before!' .
Today I was eating a piece of chocolate which had been in the fridge, so it was frozen, and I said, 'It's really hard so I have to just keep in my mouth and suck on it for a while.' 
Today after school we had basketball try-outs and my friend took a horrible shot. I said, 'What was that?' and he replied, 'Well I had four guys on me.' 
Today I was trying to get my USB stick to work in a new PC, but it wouldn't. My friend said 'pull it out and stick it back in' (). It still didn't work so he suggested 'Try the other hole.' 
My mom was playing with our iPod Touch, but it had to be charged. The cord had to run over and behind the couch for it to be plugged in. Unfortunately, my mom kept pulling it out of the socket. Frustrated, she yelled, 'How am I supposed to do this, it's so short!' 
I was in my English class and we have to write 2 reports. One is a brief report whereas the other is the main report. My professor was discussing when these reports are due, when he said, 'When we get done with the little one, were gonna do the big one.' 
Once, at a baseball game, my friend's mom had bought reuseable water bottles and ice for the entire team, except for one kid. He had a different water bottle and was trying to put the *obviously* too big ice cube in the water bottle. He said, 'Oh damn it's too big, it won't fit. I guess I'll just have to suck on it.' 
I pulled out a black hair out of my girlfriend's head and she said 'hmm it's long, black, and thick.' .
So a friend of mine and I were in computer class. I kept hitting her with a stress ball I had in my hand, and she suddenly said, 'Gaz, stop hitting me with your balls!' 
My best friend was making leather pants for Halloween a few weeks ago. The project required help from her boyfriend who's really good with a sewing machine. He was having her try the pants on to see how they were fitting when she noticed a big flap of fabric sticking out. She mentioned it to him and he proceeded to explain how he was going to fix it. To which she said, 'I don't care how you get it in there, just do it!' 
Today I was in class with my friend and she was putting on hand cream. She finished with 'Wow my hand can really make it squirt.' .
A bunch of us were out on the lake tubing. When it was finally my turn, I got on and immediately laid flat on my stomach. One of the guys then said to me, 'It was a lot easier on my knees.' 
I was at a business conference and we were having some drinks in the lobby after a work session. Several of us were standing around having a drink when a colleague approached us carrying a Corona and trying to insert his lime into the bottle. He puts the lime into his mouth and then back into his bottle. I said “Having problems?” He then said, “I kept trying to shove it in and it wouldn’t fit so I just had to eat it a little bit.” 
My math teacher, who has an accent, was explaining the statistical chance when flipping a coin. He said, 'You have a 50% chance of getting head and a 50% chance of getting tail.' 
At work today, a 700-pound mobile wall fell over. I told the story to a friend: 'It took 4 of us to get it back up.' .
I shipped a box of stuff to my dad. He texted me a few days later and said, “I just saw your package. I thought it would be bigger, is that all there is?” 
I was talking to my boyfriend about daylight savings time. I said, 'It felt like it was 8 and it was really 6, and it is so dark!' 
So, I was trying to think of some more  jokes when my friend was playing video games, all of the sudden my friend blurted out, 'He just exploded all over me!' 
I was at McDonald's with my friend and he had a drink, when he said, 'I'm sucking so hard and nothing is coming out.' 
I was in the living room with my family and we were talking about getting a new sofa when my mom started saying to my Dad, 'Honey it's way too hard and it hurts my back.' 
My friend and I were going to go play an Xbox game and he didn't want to get up, so he said, 'You're gonna have to put it in for me.' .
I was in a art class, when I was making a sculpture and I wanted to pick it up, but the teacher said, 'Don't touch it yet, it ain't hard enough.' .
This morning I heard these two guys talking about an assignment which they both forgot to do, and one of them said loudly and enthusiastically, 'Well at least we'll both go down together!' .
At lunch today my friends were talking about what they ate and I wasn't paying much attention. When I turned to them again, I heard my friend say, 'It tasted good, but it had a bad after taste.' .
I was watching The Simpsons and Bart was making Principal Skinner do things by threatening him with peanuts, which he is allergic to. Then principal Skinner found out what Bart was allergic to and said 'Simpson! You've been waving your nuts in my face for too long!' .
I was talking to my friend while she had her headphones in, so I took them out and she said 'Put it back in!' Then I did and she said, 'Ahh, that's better.' 
Today, my friend closed my locker for me. Then she told me, 'It slides in so easily.' 
I went trick-or-treating with some friends dressed as Jessie from Toy Story. I wore the typical cowgirl stuff plus a cord on my back like that string you pull on dolls that makes them talk. This annoying 10-year-old tagged along and kept yanking on the cord, and I finally said, 'Stop tugging on that or it will crack!' 'Why do you have it on, then?' she countered. 'I wasn't expecting so many people to be pulling on it all night!' 
My mom was plugging cords into the DVD player and said, 'Which hole does this go in, the bottom or the top?' 
I was having spaghetti for dinner. An my mom said ' It's not thick enough.' 
I was building a bird house with my brother with wood and nails, and he said, 'Push it in harder!' .
My friend and I live right down the road from each other. I was really excited about something so I ran down the street and went inside without knocking, since I knew her door was always unlocked and I was eager to tell her. She was standing in the kitchen and she screamed in surprise, 'At least give me some warning before you come in!' 
Yesterday in Trig class, our teacher was in the middle of explaining her method of solving a factorial expression when she said, 'I like to start out on top, then when I get tired of that, I'll move to the bottom.' .
Today at lunch this guy was messing with my friend. It was something about he was trying to pull her juice thing out of her mouth, and I heard her say 'If you it pull it out of my mouth it'll come on my dress!' .
My girlfriend and I were hiking a very steep mountain. On the way back she said, 'I hate going down because it hurts my knees.' 
Today me and my friend had blow pops and she was almost finished with hers while mine was still big. Without thinking I quickly said, 'Wow, you suck a lot! You suck more than I do!' 
My friend brought me to a yoga class and we were learning this really tough move. My friend was showing off a little, and she said, 'This is so easy, I could be in this position for hours.' 
My coworker was devouring the candy she had just bought really fast, so I gave her this confused look. She said, 'What? I like stuffing it all in my mouth at once.' 
The other day my friend got stung by a bee and she's allergic so she had to go to the hospital. Today she was back at school and she was showing us how to use her EpiPen and what to do if she gets stung again. She said 'So you take the cap off, stick it into me, count to ten and pull it out.' .
Me and 2 of my friends we're doing a project in my environmental science class. We had to get a laptop out to do our work. Then one of my friends had to plug the charger in the back of the computer and he says, 'It won't fit. Wait, no wonder, wrong hole!' TWWS
We were in the kitchen with our father and our sister offered to give him a haircut. He replies, 'Sure, when do you wanna do it?' My sister says, 'Let's do it right here, right now!' 
I was telling my friend how I had gone to a Zumba class over the weekend and I said 'I was barely doing it for 10 minutes and I was dripping wet!' .
Today in class my teacher was talking about some chemical stuff when she said, 'The longer it gets, the harder it is.' 
Today at lunch my friend was talking about how our history teacher gets off topic a lot and he said, 'Yeah, she gets off really easily.' .
We were in class and some kids were making posters. They had markers in a box and were pulling them out as and putting them away as they needed them. A freshman took a marker out of the box and an upperclassmen jokingly yelled, 'Did I say you could take that out?' 
My cousin was in the kitchen trying to scoop ice cream out of the container while me and my uncle were sitting in the living room. He wasn't having much success so he yelled, 'It's too hard! I can't get it out.' 
Today I was texting one of my guy friends and I asked what he was doing. He said he was laying in his closet, so I asked how big his closet was. He replied, 'It's not huge, but it's big enough.' 
Today in gym we were doing pull ups and some chalk residue came off onto my friend's hands. He said 'Ew, I just did all of that work, and now I have white stuff all over my hands!' 
I was at my friend's house trying to slide down the staircase banister, but I couldn't get moving. I said, 'there's too much friction, I can't slide down.' He replied, 'Maybe we should oil it up and try again.' 
My friend was having some issues sticking a straw into a cup from the food court in the mall. Frustrated, he shouted, 'Every time I stick it in, it slides right back out!' .
I was sitting in lunch with a girl, who had a really runny nose. She said, 'I have been blowing it all day!' 
During English class, we all had to get in front of the class and ask everyone a question for a quiz, as a review. When a guy asked us a very simple question, my teacher said, 'If you could make it harder, that would really help.' 
Yesterday it was raining really hard my friend left his backpack out in it and when he came back he said, 'Oh no, it's all wet...crap it penetrated through!' .
I play the trombone for my school band. When I was cleaning it, my teacher showed me a better way of cleaning it and said, 'So first, you have to lubricate it, put it in and slide it in and out, until it looks good.' 
Today in economics my best friend had a piece of paper in his hand that he had taken from my homework. With ninja stealthiness I stole it back. It took him a few seconds to realize it, but when he did he said, 'It was so small I didn't even feel it sliding out.' 
Earlier this summer, we went to Kentucky for a family reunion. At the hotel, I seemed to misplace a bag. After spending almost an hour searching for the bag, we get to the room and start to think about what just happened. My mom finally had enough and said, 'This is really hard to swallow.' 
My cousin and I were playing sword fight in the woods using fallen tree branches. We played rough, then he got a splinter and started shouting, 'It hurts like hell! Pull it out, Pull it out!' .
My mother has a Zune. She has a rubber case for it and she also has a holder in which you can strap it to your arm for running. Well today we were listening to it in the car so I took the case off. We were fixing to get out of the car when she says, 'Wait! I can't find my rubber! I use it for my strap on!' 
My friend and I just finished riding a roller coaster. We walked up to our guy friends and I said (without thinking), 'It's a rough ride in the back. We had to hold our boobs or it hurt.' .
So the other night, my friend poured her shot in my cup without me noticing and I continued to drink it obliviously. The next day I was trying to explain it to my friends about what happened by saying, 'It was unusually long in my mouth.' 
In Chemistry, my lab partner insisted upon hooking up the Bunsen burner to the gas line. She was having trouble, and said, 'How far do I push this thing in? It's so hard.' .
I was phasing in and out of a conversation my two female friends were having and came in at this part: '...I got tired of looking at it, so I put it in my mouth.' 
My friends and I were working in the darkroom, developing pictures by hand. It was against the rules to do two pictures at the same time in the same tray. So I had a picture in the developing tray and my friend was going to put hers in on top of mine and I freaked out. Finally she yelled, 'SORRY! I didn't even know you were in there!' 
I was talking to my friend about Avan Jogia and how I'm obsessed with his hair. She said that she only liked his hair short rather than long. I then said, 'I like it both ways.' 
I was showing my daughter how to change the shavings in her Guinea pigs' cage. As we were working, she noticed the newer size of the bedding and said, 'These are so much bigger than the ones from last time!' Later, when we were done, she said, 'That wasn't bad at all! It was much easier than I expected, and it went by pretty quickly.' 
Today in English class our teacher was talking about metaphors and analogies and then he said, 'For example, life is highway, and I'm gonna ride it all night long.' .
My sister had eaten almonds earlier in the day and before we walked into class she asked me, 'Do I have any nuts in my teeth?' 
I was talking with my friend at the end of the day, while I was playing with her phone. Then she said, 'Stop sliding it in so hard! You're going to break it!' .
my statistics teacher was talking about when our assignment was due, and said, 'Just put it in now and you'll feel a lot better.' 
One of my co-workers was waiting for a secretary to finish with the microwave while he put the sauce on his food. The secretary said, 'I'll be finished long before you're done squirting that in there.' 
Yesterday at lunch my friend squirted his water bottle and it got on this other guy who blurted out, 'Dillan, you squirted it on me! I'm wet!' .
My friend was looking at my buddy's house and was like, 'there used to be a bush there, but it's not there anymore.' 
Me and my father were helping one of his friends install wood flooring. One of the tiles was not aligned so I was like, 'Dad, it's not going in' and he was said, 'Try sliding it in, but don't force it, it's delicate.' 
My friend and I were going to Subway. He was really excited so he shouted (really loudly), 'I can't wait to shove that foot-long in my mouth!' 
At work we were pulling a huge die out of a press with a chain, and I put a bolt with a nut through the chain to hold it. One of the maintenance guys said, ' I'm suprised that nut lasted that long, with it being finger tight.' 
My friend and I went to our university's football game yesterday. She put her student ID in her back pocket. I was constantly reminding her that her ID was falling out of her pocket, when finally she replied, 'Ugh, why does it keep slipping out?' .
Today, my friend asked me what I did on my workout. I was acting out roughly what I was doing. I was trying to imitate riding on a stationary bike, but it was hard to do while standing and my friend was laughing at me. I said, 'It's hard to do it standing up.' 
My friend got a blended drink with whipped cream, and said this about the straw: 'You gotta pull it out and lick all the white stuff off.' .
Yesterday at lunch my friend was telling me about a lab she did in chemistry involving golf balls. She said, 'I like how the balls feel in my hand.' 
The girl in my class was caring for a plant in biology and she said, 'It's growing bigger and bigger and it won't stop.' 
We were making ice cream in Chemistry, and you have to 'massage' the bag to mix it. After a few minutes, I exclaimed loudly, 'Wow, I can feel it getting harder now!' .
Today in history class my teacher was saying how James Madison must have felt during his vice presidency to George Washington: 'That's the dumbest position I've ever been in, all I did was sit there and get paid to do it.' 
My boss, as he looks at a computer mouse says, 'This ball is really old and dirty. I don't think it is going to work very well.' .
I'm a violist, and today in orchestra I was trying to play my friend's bass. After a while, I said, 'Why do I even keep trying? This thing is bigger than I am. Screw it.' .
My little brother wasn't eating so my dad started yelling at him. He took a small bite, making dad mad: 'Come on, open wider, you can fit more in!' 
I was unpacking in my dorm and I plugged in my extension cord. Alas, it was not sufficient. I said to my roommate, 'This is too short. It's just silly.' 
Yesterday in my geometry class there was something wrong with the screen of the projector. It looked like a price of hair or a scratch or something. After multiple tries of trying to get it off my teacher said, 'It looks like it's wet, you rubbed it too much and now it's wet.' 
In Biology we were making a model of a cell and we had to make a nucleolus, out of play-doh and wrap in in plastic wrap to represent the nuclear membrane. When the person in our group finished making the nucleolus, I said 'Okay, wrap it up and put it in.' .
One time in orchestra, my stand partner was poking me repeatedly with his bow. I told him to stop, calmly at first, and then I all but yelled, 'If you don't get that thing away from me I swear I will snap it in half!' .
Today in Science this kid was trying to sharpen his pencil in the automatic pencil sharpener. When the kid asked the teacher for help the teacher said, 'Push it in slowly.' 
My roommate was commenting on how short my phone charger cord is and said, 'What are you supposed to do with something that little?' 
I let one of my friends drive my car one night. She came up to an intersection where she needed to turn left. The car on the other side needed to pull out as well. My friend screamed,'Pull the fuck out!' 
In English Class, my class was supposed to make and essay and when we were supposed to turn it in my teacher said 'Whip it out and hand it to me.' 
One time I was in Spanish class about to take a test and he was explaining where to turn in the test and he says, 'Give it to me in the front. Wait no, actually, give it to me in the back.' 
Me and my friend were waiting inside our school for his dad to show up and give us a ride. We were in an area that made us unable see outside, so when he showed up he walked into the school. My friend proceeded to say 'Oh, I didn't know you came.' 
I was listening to music on my iPod and my friend wanted me to hear this song on her iPod. She was trying to shove the earbud into my ear, even though I already had one in there. I said, 'Stop shoving it into me! There's already one in there!' 
My friend and I were in the library and I needed to borrow his heavy Biology textbook. As he settled his book-bag on the table and looked down at it, I said, 'Alright, take out that big monster.' 
I was playing guitar duets with my friend. All of a sudden, her string (the g-string broke). She asked me, 'Do you have an extra G-string?' 
Having a beer with the girlfriend, when mine came I asked if she would like to try it, she said, 'No, I want to wait so I can get more than just the head in my mouth.' 
In my physics class, we were doing a lab on friction that involved a block of wood and some weights. When you moved the block of wood, the friction would show up as a line on a graph on the computer. At one point, my partner moved the block kind of fast, and I said, 'Wow, it got up really high that time.' .
Today during English class, a guy went to the electronic pencil sharpener to sharpen his pencil. When it made a weird noise, my teacher said, 'Don't push it in too deep, or it's gonna get stuck'. 
I was teaching a person how to decorate cakes where I work. She was having trouble with it, and being messy, she said, 'Its so hard, and I got white stuff all over me.' .
I was on the bus to college and it was boring as hell. I noticed the windows were quite steamy, so I asked my mate if he wanted to play Noughts And Crosses on the windows. Unfortunately, he passed the offer so, without thinking, I said 'Fine, I'll have to play with myself instead.' 
I cooked a hot dog in a microwave and just before i took a bite, part of it broke, and some of the juices hit my face. My friend laughed when I said, 'It just squirted at me!' .
My brother was eating Werther's Originals. He said while he was eating them, 'I just like to sit there and suck on them'. .
So my friend had a Popsicle at lunch, and after he had it for a while, he said 'I'm really getting tired of having this thing in my mouth.' .
Today me and a friend were trying to teach another friend to do the Vulcan salute. So she said, 'I can't do it, it hurts!' Then I said, 'Yeah, it used to hurt me before, but now it comes naturally.' 
My friend had just ate something minty and blowing her fresh breath in my face. Without thinking, I said 'Keep blowing, it feels so good!' .
My friend and I were in class at the end of the day, and she was so tired that she decided to sleep. As she was sleeping I decided to poke her with a pencil. The first few times she didn't recognize who it was and just ignored it, but the last time I poked her she said, 'If you poke me with that thing one more time I'm gonna break it off.' .
I was talking about my friend to someone, and suddenly said friend comes running towards me. When I asked her why, she said, 'Well, I heard you say my name so I came as fast as I could.' 
I have a pair of jeans that has a huge hole on the ass of them, so I wear them with basketball shorts. One day, I put them on and walked upstairs and my girlfriend's little brother looks at me after a few seconds and then proceeds to say, 'Hey Curt, Think you can make that hole any bigger?' .
My cousin was at my house earlier, and I decided to make him some ramen noodles. When I mentioned ramen, he said, 'Ooh, I love the long, juicy ones!' 
So a couple of weeks ago me and my mates were on a school trip. We had these ice creams after dinner and most of us were full. One of my mates hadn't eaten much of his food and someone dared him to eat 5 ice creams. He did and he enjoyed them. On the final mouthful he said, 'It tasted so good I didn't know whether to spit or swallow it!' .
One day my friend gave me a string and told me that it came from her scarf. So then I asked her how did she get it out and she replied,'I was playing with it, and then it got longer, so I yanked it off!' 
There was a group of guys playing tug-a-war in our dorm hallway. Referring to the rope, I heard one say, 'Just jerk it as hard as you can!' 
I was eating my lunch at school, and I was sitting next to my boyfriend and she was eating Fruit Snakes, and he was like 'it felt like it was slithering down my throat!!' 
A quote about the infamous 'everlasting gobstoppers' from the original Willy Wonka And The Chocolate Factory: 'You can suck them and suck them and suck them and they will never get any smaller!' 
I was reading a book called The Seven Habits of Highly Effective Teens and one of the habits was Think Win-Win and it was talking about the other mentalities and it said 'Lose-Lose says 'If I'm going down, then you're going down with me, sucker.' .
I was at a school trip where we had to pick blackberries for the school to make cakes and such out of. At the end of the day the teacher said we could eat some, a guy said, 'Do I suck it or just put it all into my mouth?' . After that he said, 'It's pretty hard actually. Harder than you expect.' .
I was in carpentry/wood class when this happened. One student was trying to fit a rectangular peg into a circular opening, and said,'This is so hard, it won't fit in!' The teacher said, 'Try opening the hole a little bit.' Still, he says, 'It's still too small.' Finally the teacher walks closer and says, 'Okay, let me hold your wood, and you drill it in.' 
We had a space-themed VBS and they gave us space ice cream on the last day. It was really dry so my friend put some water on it, and my other friend asked,'Did it taste better when it was wet?' 
My mom was showing us her new medication. We commented on the unusual size, and she said, 'I know! I've never had to swallow one this big!' .
One day my lab partner told me while putting an orange ball on a pipette that she usually 'lubricates it so it can easily go in and out.' 
Today in Spanish class we were talking about earrings. One girl said, 'I have three holes.' 
I was in my language class and it was warm in the room, so my teacher had opened up a window. It was raining outside and a student was sitting by the open window. She said to the student, 'Just tell me if you get too wet, okay?' .
At lunch, my friend always burps and blows his breathe in all of our faces. When he burped, I said 'Don't you dare blow on me!' 
While at a church event with about 300 people in attendance, a lady tried to put a microphone into a holder. It wouldn't fit and my priest proceeded to say 'It's really small, you gotta jam it in there real hard.' .
My dad was cleaning the pool earlier this year and he was using the vacuum. He came back in and said 'Darn I'm just not sucking anything up!' 
My friend and I go to med school and were practicing getting water with the syringe. I was having trouble with it and I said, 'How do you do this?!' and she said, 'You just have to keep pushing, but not too hard or else you might get wet.' .
My Dad opened a jar for my Mom and then said 'That was easy, I didn't even have to bang it.' 
I was in Science class with my friends and we were building a bridge out of k'nex. One of my friends was trying to get a piece to fit, she goes 'It's too small, it keeps sliding out of place!' 
My mom was helping me out with my math homework, and the problems were frustrating her. She then said 'Back in my day they weren't as big, you could get done with them in no time.'
My cat went into a hole in the wall under the sink and she has black fur. Startled, my Dad said, 'I looked down and saw this black thing going in the hole.' .
One winter, a female co-worker and I were walking to the store on our break. I slipped on the ice and after I got up and walked a few steps she said, 'Are you stiff yet?' 
I was playing an American Football video game and I had a running play. After the play ended, the announcer said, 'He could see where the hole was, but it just closed up so quickly that he couldn't get in there.' .
Today I was helping paint the new youth room at my church and the lady in charge was telling someone how to make the paint go in all the tiny little holes and chips in the wall. In reference to the paint roller, she said, 'Make sure you shove it kinda hard so it goes in the holes.' .
My friend was telling me about her nursing clinicals. One patient was testing lung capacity by trying to keep a ball suspended in a tube and the lady told her, 'I cant blow hard enough to keep it up.' .
My friend's son is turning 1 year old today. My mother and I were talking about what to get him for his birthday. I suggested a gift card, and my mother said, in reference to the boy, 'Yeah, you can only play with so many balls.' .
My best friend just got her ears pierced and she was trying to put in her earrings albeit in vain. Frustrated, she turned to me and said 'Can you put it in? I can't seem to find the hole and it's starting to hurt already.' .
Today at school the teacher was waiting for this guy to get his notebook out of his backpack and he said, 'Hurry, whip it out so we can get started.' .
In Calculus, my teacher, old with and accent made a graph and looked at it with a funny face and said, 'Oh wait this is too small. I want it bigger.' 
I was hanging pictures for my my Mom, and I decided to move the nail over a little bit. As I pulled the nail I got some drywall dust on me and I said, 'When I pulled it out, there was white stuff on me.' .
I was talking about putting a bottle of hand sanitizer in my backpack and I blurted out, 'I have to be careful or it might come out all over everything.' .
Today I was sitting in computer sciences class, and my teacher was talking about CPU's. He wanted to get the lesson done quickly so we could finish our projects, so he says 'I'm just going to do this quick and dirty.' .
I was in my bedroom with my friend. She stepped on one of those giant tacs, and yelled, 'Ahhh! It's in me! OMG, it's so big! It hurts, get it out!' 
Today in math class, some kid was having trouble with the pencil sharpener. My math teacher stopped mid-sentence to tell him, 'Put it in further and push harder!' 
I was playing fishing on my friend's Wii with her brother, but was having trouble catching any fish because he was so experienced. Without thinking, I yelled 'Damn it Adam, I could actually get some if you didn't keep pulling out so fast!' .
I was in the Vans skatepark with my cousin, and I asked him where his skateboard was. Then he said, 'I had it and my sister wanted it, so gave it to her and she rode it for a while.' 
I was in biology class and we were outside identifying trees. One tree had buds that tasted like peanuts, according to the teacher, so my friend tried one. 15 minutes later, she tells me 'I still have the taste of nuts in my mouth!' 
Today in Religion class, two boys were using a Tide To Go pen on their shirts. They said, 'I can't get it out!' 'You have to rub it harder.' 'I still can't get it out.' 'You suck, but you're better at getting it out than Tim is.' 'Ugh, rubbing it more just made it bigger.' .
Some friends and I were at a bar, and had stepped out to the patio for a cigarette. We accidentally abandoned one of our friends to go get a round of drinks. A minute later, she returned to us, saying, 'Thanks for letting me know you were coming inside!' .
Me and my friend were texting and she was telling me how mad she was at some guy. She then sent me a text saying 'Most of the time I can control, it but today it just came out' 
This guy asked me to help him get a labeled paper in a platic paper holder thing, and with out thinking, I told him 'The opening is in the back, so you kind of have to slide it in from below.' 
We were in Geometry class and my teacher was comparing adjacent angles to a three-legged race. She picked the biggest guy in our class to demonstrate it. As she looked up at him, she said, 'This may be a little rough, he's really big.'
I was in the front row at a PowerPoint presentation given by a visiting consultant at the beginning of a large project. He got to talking for a bit and his laptop went to sleep mode. When he was ready to resume, he began stroking his mouse pad and mumbled, 'It goes to sleep if I don't touch it for too long.' .
Today in math, my teacher was going over multi-step equations that take forever to solve and everyone one was complaining that it was too difficult. My teacher replied,'Just because it's long doesn't mean it's hard.' .
My Dad was watching the World Poker Tour and I overheard the announcer say, 'This is going to be a big one! Here it comes!' .
Today,in math, we were doing an experiment on probability that involved putting M&amp;M's in a bag and taking them out. From across the room I heard a girl say 'Ughh I'm tired of putting them in just to pull them out! You do it!' .
I was in McDonalds and my friend ordered a milkshake. After about 5 minutes of drinking the milkshake, she said 'I can feel it going down my throat.' .
In class a student raised her hand to answer a question and she was almost right but not exactly, so the teacher said, 'Mmm, I like where your head is.' .
My boyfriend and I went to grab some dinner before class. It wasn't really a sit down type of place but he ended up ordering a meal that required a fork. He started to eat and I noticed the little spokes on his fork were all bent weird. He took a bite and said, 'This feels weird in my mouth.' .
I was watching television and these people were trying to escape so this guy digs a hole and yells, 'Everybody in the hole!' 
I was eating a bratwurst, but I thought it was a hotdog. I took a bite and looked at it and asked, 'What is that gross stuff in there?' .
My mom tried some caviar on her cruise. When she tasted it, she said 'I dont like things that squirt in my mouth.' 
In math class the teacher turned on the fan and said 'Let me know if that's blowing too hard.' .
I was listening to the radio, and they were talking about the latest iPad, and this girl said, 'It is so big I have to use both hands.' .
I was in Las Vegas at the pool with my father-in-law. He proceeded to enter the pool, and said, 'You know, it actually feels better the farther in you go. Once you're all the way in, it feels perfect.' .
Today, our band director was telling us about how there was barely enough room on the buses for the entire band to sit comfortably. He picked up the megaphone and announced, 'It's going to be really hot and tight.' .
Today, talking about a picture, I asked my friend, 'Is it wide enough for you?' He says, 'It's wide enough to fit, just I want it longer.' 
Today at school my teacher was drinking coffee and some of it went down her windpipe. She starting coughing and said, 'It went down the wrong hole!' .
I work with a hispanic man who is absolutely hilarious. I was telling a friend about him and said 'it makes my day every time he comes inside.' .
I have 2 sons. One was aiming to throw his trash in the trash can from across the kitchen. He made it in. My other son said, 'High five, you made it in!' .
Today in physics are teacher was talking about ionizing particles. He said 'The more massive it is, the more penetrating power it has.' 
Me and my wife were stripping wallpaper off the wall in the dining room over the weekend and I told her, 'If you can get the inside wet, you should be able to get it off.' .
My Mom and I were talking about textbooks and if I had to put covers on them, and my Mom said, 'Yeah, I think they have to be wrapped.' .
I went indoor skydiving and when we were putting our gear on, I was trying to put the earplugs in and the instructor said, 'Yeah, just stick it in there. You gotta shove it in that hole.' .
I was on a fishing trip and a girl's pole broke so the deckhand gave her a new one and said, 'You will feel everything with this one, it has a very sensitive tip.' 
At my cheer practice the other day I needed to borrow shoes because mine hadn't come in yet. We were discussing sizes and my friend said I could borrow hers but they might be tight. I said 'That's okay I like mine tight.' 
I was letting my dog in, and as he hesitated I said, 'It's wide open for you, just the way you like it!' 
A coworker was talking to the phone system guy. I overheard him say 'Oh my goodness, that's enormous. It's almost the size and weight of the phone.' .
Today I was at work and one of the girls I work with was talking about her gum and how if she 'blows to hard it gets all over get face!' 
When I was playing golf with a buddy of mine it started to rain and was very humid. He then said, 'This isn't even fun anymore. Its hot, sticky, and taking too long.' 
I was at youth group and my friend was telling a story that was pretty lame. My youth director said, 'Wow, that's a good one...you should pull it out at parties.' .
I was sitting at home one rainy day when my door bell rings. When I opened the door it was the girl I was seeing at the time. She runs inside my apt and says, 'OMG I'm so wet...can I get a towel?' 
My Mom was watching the Food Channel and I overheard the lady say 'Let me see how wet it is before I put it in.' .
all of my friends were playing circle of death when we started chugging, afterwards my friend said, 'Ah! Its dribbling down my chin!' 
I was at my high school orientation speech and the guy giving the speech told us to have a good attitude towards difficult problems, so when we are done with them we can say, 'It is not bigger than me. I am bigger than it.' 
Me and my friend were talking about nasty food. After some time she said, 'I don't want to put that in my body'. 
My best friend and I are expecting school schedules to arrive soon. While talking over instant messaging I asked, 'Can you tell me if it's coming any time soon? Because this is ridiculous!' 
Once when I was talking to one of my friends, he was telling his girlfriend and I about him helping his little sister make spaghetti for dinner. The pack of noodles were all different colors, and the two were just staring at them when their mom walked by saying, 'It doesn't matter what color they are, they all taste the same.'
So the other day at cross country practice one of the girls on the team forgot her water bottle, so she asked if she could get some from my water bottle. I let her, and she failed at drinking the water and missed her mouth. After she said ' It got everywhere but my mouth' 
Quoting a line from the movie Journey to the Center of the Earth: 'It's thicker than I thought.' .
This Summer I was paint balling with my friends, When the instructor was explaining what the rules were he said, 'W'hen the balls hit you its probably going to hurt since it's your first time' .
Me and my friends were hanging out at my dad's workplace. We were playing this game where we have to insert a paperclip into a small hole. It was my best friend's turn, and my other friend says 'Push it in harder, it'll probably go in far enough.' 
I was making a friendship bracelet and asked my friend how long I should make it. She said, 'Just do it until it's long enough' 
I was watching my 2 year old nephew try and put shapes in the the correct spot for a puzzle I bought him, and my mom said, 'Nope that does go in there. No, not in there either. Keep trying Charles, you can do it!' .
I was on year 10 camp, in the cafeteria, sitting next to a girl eating some food. As I was eating, I heard her say, 'It's too dry to fit down my throat.' .
During class we were watching a video about the financial crisis in the US. A person being interviewed commented on the US government bailing out failing banks by saying, 'We can't just stick a finger in the dyke, someone's gotta go down.' .
I was talking to my friend on the phone while she was trying to unlock her front door and she was having trouble with the key. She said, 'It won't go in!' Then I asked, 'Are you sure it's in the right way?' Then she said, 'Hold on, let me use both hands.' .
In English class last week I went up to sharpen my pencil. It started making weird noises n that's when the teacher began offering hilariously uncomfortable advice: 'No, you're putting it in too far... you're shoving it too hard... well don't put your finger in the hole!' .
I was trying to fit my school books in to my backpack at my locker when I yelled, 'It won't go in.' . Then people started laughing and I did not get it so I said, 'What, it's stuck.' 
On a long road trip my wife was entertaining our kids by blowing bubbles with her gum. They were cracking up and kept asking for more. Eventually the gum started to get rubbery and she said, 'It's getting too hard to blow.' 
I was sitting in class next to my friend who kept pulling on a hole in the leg of my jeans, so I screamed 'stop! you're stretching my hole!' 
I was volunteering at the homeless shelter with my Mom and we were talking about putting the napkins on the table when they come through the line and my Mom said, 'We have to be really fast when they start coming.' .
I needed help setting up my input/output cables to the TV, I called my bro over to help move the TV. While helping me I shouted 'I feel the 3 holes but I don't know where to put it in.' .
I was in math class and my friend asked the teacher 'can u put that thingy down?' (About the projector screen) then the teacher replied, 'I can't. I keep on pulling on it but it won't come down!' .
So I went to kickboxing with my friends tonight and at the place we go to the instructors really try and get you pumped up. So the instructor who I was kicking with kept saying 'Come on! come on! Faster faster! Harder Harder! Come on you can do it!' .
I was at my high school orientation and at the end the principal goes, 'Thank you for coming, I know it was long.' .
My dad and I were at an ATM getting money out of it when I was all ready to put my credit card in the little slot thing I said, 'Where do you put it in?' .
My husband and I were watching 'The Price is Right' when a contestant almost fell after spinning the wheel. I said, 'Man, she almost fell from yankin' that thing so hard.' .
I was shopping the other day with my girlfriend. We were talking about different outfit combinations when she picked up a shirt and said, 'I can do a lot with this even though it's short.' 
This morning I was eating a muffin, and my little sister wouldn't stop poking it because she said it felt funny. So without think I yelled 'Stop fingering my muffin!' 
In math class I was sharping my pencil when my friend comes up behind me with a bag of skittles that fizz in your mouth and says, 'Don't ask questions, just put this in your mouth and suck on it.' .
Some friends and I went to out to eat and told our guy friend with us that he should give our waitress his number. She came by the table with her hands full and I told him she was good with her hands. Then, she came to our table and said something really stupid, so when she left my girl friend said, 'She's good with the hands, bad with the head!' 
Today I was hiking with my brother-in-law and a couple passed us while talking about the trail heads. The woman said to the man: 'You have to pay to use the front entrance, but the rear entrance is no charge. I prefer using that one; it's more fun.' .
We were eating dinner the other night and my wife was getting annoyed by my son playing with his food, and she said, ' Quit fingering it, and just eat it.' .
Today, my mom was watching golf. All of a sudden, she yelled out 'It almost got in the hole!' 
Me and my friend were talking about the trombone and he said 'It's not how hard you blow, it's all about technique.' .
My grandma was drinking a very thick milkshake through a straw the other day, when all of sudden she said, 'No matter how hard I suck on this thing, it still won't come up.' .
On 'So You Think You Can Dance,' judge Mia Michels told said to one of the dancers: 'It was fast, it was hard, and you hit everything with perfect accuracy. I loved it.' 
The little boy I was babysitting went upstairs to get the giant shark stuffed animal he got on vacation to show his friend. Their stairs are semi open so when the boy came downstairs his friend could see the shark for a second and he said, 'I only saw the tip of it but it looks huge!' .
The other day me and my friends were waiting for our band director to stop talking so we could go home and she says, 'For such a small man, he takes a long time.' 
While at camp this summer, we were eating lunch when another male counselor asked a female counselor, 'Where do I put this?' In response, she said, 'Put it in my box'. .
My boyfriend's sister got a night guard for her mouth. I said 'What if you choke on it?' She replied 'It hardly fits in my mouth, it can't fit in my throat.' 
My mom was making sub sandwiches and she told us that if we heated them up it would make them softer. Since my brother had already eaten half of his before she heated it up, my mom told him 'I took yours out earlier because it was so small.' .
My friend was explaining to his brother how to give him eardrops. He said 'Just stick it in the hole and squeeze.' 
I was camping with some friends and this guy was climbing a ladder on a playground when he looks up at me in frusturation and says 'I can't spread my legs far enough to get on it.' .
A co-worker and I walked out to our cars after work and his was parked too close for me to open my door. I said, 'You're going to have to pull out before I can get in there.' 
I was at my friend's house when he was fighting with his brother about what video game to play. They finally agreed on a game but his brother said, 'Don't put it in yet!' 
I was out smoking Shisha with my friends when a friend suddenly dropped the pipe and covered his face. We asked him what's wrong and he said, 'It was gonna blow so I had to cover my face.' .
I was at the mall with my friend Josh and we were sitting by a fountain. He was on Facebook on his phone, and I was getting bored so I decided to splash some water on him. He was surprised and accidentally dropped his phone in the fountain and said, 'Great! Now I'm all wet. We have to get it out quick!' .
Last night I was talking to my friend Eme through Facebook, and the picture I had set as my default that day was one she had taken. She said, 'Too bad I dropped your phone when I was clicking the button.. Sorry :/' and I said, 'It's no problem, it's fine.' She replied, 'It was way too slippery, I had nothing to hold on to!' .
My mother was cooking and my father was making a sandwich. My mother asked him why he was eating while she's cooking dinner and he says, 'I just need to stuff something in my mouth to keep me satisfied.' .
I sat out one day to watch my kids play around our front yard, which soon turned into a game of hide and seek with them. It was my turn to seek and I was having trouble finding the youngest; he wasn't anywhere in the yard and I was panicking. I finally found him when I heard an elderly woman exclaim, 'Hey, get out of my bush!' .
I work at a grocery store, bagging people's stuff. An old lady came through the checkout lane, and I asked her whether she'd like paper or plastic. She replied 'You can put it in either one, but make sure you don't squish my buns.' .
Me and some friends were driving around town and I was really thirsty so I was drinking a vitamin water. My friend who was driving turned around a corner really fast as I was taking a sip and I said, 'Can you not drive like that while this is in my mouth? It's going to get all over my face.'
I was vacationing with a few friends down in Miami, when we went to this amazing restaurant. At the end, the waitress, looking at her half unfinished plate, comes up and asks one of the girls, 'Do you want this to go?' My friends says, 'No!' She continued, 'Dont get me wrong, it's nice, really nice, but it's just too big' .
My mom was telling my dad how if they ordered something for his motorcycle from China it would take about 2 months to get here. He was a little upset so my mom said, 'But I've seen them come a lot faster.' .
I was on Xbox Live with a few of my guy friends, me being the only girl that plays Modern Warfare 2, and my friend Mike was talking about something I'm not sure of, and I catch, '...when it's thicker, it's usually shorter!' .
In my Spanish class, we had a test. We didn't have a lot of time left, so my teacher said 'Let's do it orally, it will be faster.' 
Me and my cousins were playing a card game on hardwood floor, and I took a card and put it between the lines of the hardwood and I said 'Hey look it fits in the crack!' .
Me and my mom went shopping for a new ping pong table, and at one of the stores, the full tables weren't there, just small sample corners. So my mom asked, 'How big do you think that one is?' I replied, 'I'm not sure, but I'll bet it's huge.' .
Today my friend and I were going to have bagels and cream cheese for breakfast. We opened up the cream cheese and she was like 'Why does it get all wet like that?' .
Today, my friend and I were talking about how she loves to put ponytails in her mouth all the time, and she said, 'I love putting things in my mouth...it feels good!' .
I was at the mall with a friend talking about eyeliner, when I asked about a specific brand. She simply responded, 'Oh, yeah, it's the blackest one I've ever seen and it lasts a really long time.' .
My 9-month pregnant wife texts me 'Contractions are 10 minutes apart...now if it would just get harder we might see some progress.' .
Today , I was watching Man Vs Food and he said 'that was the most enjoyable sausage I've ever had in my mouth.' .
Once, in gym class, my guy friend was putting a blanket on my girl friend's head. After he took the blanket off, she loudly proclaimed, 'He put that thing in my face, and I can still taste it in my mouth!' .
One time my mom was putting a barrette in my hair to keep it up. My dad sat there and said, 'There you go. Push it up into her.' .
My cousins and I were playing volleyball. The ball was getting flat. 'I like them hard,' said one of my cousins. 'No!' the other one said. 'The harder they are, the more they hurt.' .
Tonight, my family went out for Mexican. My sister picked up her cup and said 'It's so big!' and I just looked at her because my dad was sitting across from us. Then she said, 'What? I can't wrap my hand around it!' .
Me and my best friend were walking in the mall and we overheard a conversation between 2 people in Aeropostle. One said 'How come mine isn't big enough?' and the other girl said, 'I don't know maybe the hole's too small!' .
My friend got a new phone and wanted a picture of me for caller ID. I tried to send him one but for some reason it wasn't working. After the 2nd try, he picks up his phone and says, 'OK, I'm just going to hold this and stare at it until it comes.' .
My family and I were eating pistachios. My mother just taught my little sisters how to open them properly, when one of my little sisters came up to me and excitedly said, 'Look! I can put the whole thing in my mouth and take the nut out!' .
I was in my drivers ed car and a guy backed out of his driveway. All of a sudden, the instructor slams on his brake and goes, 'Whoa, he pulled out without warning!' .
Me and my friend were watching Angel on Wii and it was loading. She went and kissed the screen, and the movie loaded a little more. She sat back down on the couch and then said, 'When I kissed him, it got a little bigger.'
I was drinking a milkshake and it was really thick and so I said (loudly), 'You really have to suck hard to get it come in your mouth.' .
Me and my friend were sitting in my room. She was playing with a Rubik's cube and she said, 'Geez, It just keeps getting harder and harder the more you play with it!' .
While walking down to a creek behind a local bar with my buddy I said, 'It's always dark and I'm always drunk when I go down here.' .
Me and my friends were playing a game in which you lay on the floor if you lose. My friend was telling some other dude about it and said, 'I usually just go down but sometimes they make me do other things.' .
A couple of friends and I were out for lunch. We started talking about being full then a friend of mine said, 'I hate it when you have it in your mouth and you just don't want to swallow'. .
My friend was having a birthday party and we got one of the guys to put on a girl's dress. Later on during our ride home, my friend said, 'Yeah, I thought it was gonna be a little long, but it was actually kinda short. It fit perfectly.' .
I was petting my cat's tummy and he stretched out further than I've ever seen and I said, 'Wow, I didn't know he could get that long!' .
While working on our newspaper a friend of mine kept pestering a female friend of ours. Not even food was safe from the torture. After several minutes of hilarity, he proceeded to start poking her bakery fresh chocolate muffin to which she replied, 'Get your finger out of my muffin!' .
I was at a store with my parents, and my dad sat on a piece of furniture they were displaying. He then turned to me and my mom and said, 'This is the hardest thing I have ever sat on.' .
I was at a work event with a bunch of colleagues and one was talking about a conference she had just attended. She talked about how awkward and creepy her mentor was being and how the drinks and open bars helped her deal with him when he would come to talk to her. She said, 'Any time he'd come I would tilt my head back and swallow the whole thing.' .
I was talking to one of my friends about a mess he had to clean up at work, and he said, 'Yea, it wasn't hard to get off.' .
Me and my friends were on our way to our softball game when we went by a BJ's distribution factory. There were a ton of trucks outside, used to distribute stuff to all of the stores. My friend points out the trucks and comments 'How many BJ's do you need?!' .
I was talking to my boyfriend about a seven hour car ride I had to make with my dad and sister. I said 'Yeah, it's gonna be never ending. The company is fine. It's my butt that can't take it.' .
Today, I was teaching my friend how to use her MacBook. I was showing her how to scroll through pages when she says, 'Wow, it's amazing what you can do with your two fingers.' .
One day, one of my friends was listening to some music with her headphones plugged in. My other friend was trying to talk to her, so he pulled out her earphones. She then said, 'Why do you always pull it out when I get to the good part?' 
I was watching MALCOLM IN THE MIDDLE. In one scene Dewey answers the phone and says, 'It's been in your mouth for half an hour! Either spit it out or swallow it!' .
I was watching Jay Leno and they were at a inventors convention and this woman was a chef that makes food out of fabrics. She was looking at this poster of giant foods that she has made, and she said, 'I like doing the big ones.' .
My church was on a mission trip. It was the last day, so before we left we went out for snow cones. We were leaving and this girl and I were the last to jump in the van and I was taking my time, so she yelled, 'Come on, get in, get in HURRY!' .
My friend and I were in photography class and she was trying to upload pictures from a flash drive. I took it out before it was done uploading though, so we had to try again. When I put it back into the computer, she said 'Put it back in and this time wait until you finish to pull it out.' .
Today, my grandmother and I were shucking corn on the cob, when she accidentally popped one of the kernels and blurted out 'Oh man! It squirted on my face!' .
My acapella instructor was asking the beatboxer if he knew where to come in for the synthesizer ad-lib. The beatboxer said he knew where to come in and my instructor asked, 'You sure you know where to put it in?' .
My friends and I were working a landscaping job and one of them was scooping mulch at at awkward position. In response to the difficulty he said, 'Man it hurts my legs trying to balance on this thing' .
I was sitting at the bus stop, and this guy came buy and was trying to get his straw into his drink. He said, 'Why the heck won't it go in? Oh, it's not stiff enough.' .
The other day i was at Arby's with my friend. She was drinking a milkshake and when she had difficulty drinking she said, 'Uhh! I have to suck so hard!' .
Today I was babysitting. I took the kids to a restaurant, and the girl was talking about how she takes the lid off of her kid's meal cup: 'Once I’ve been drinking a lot, my top comes off pretty easily.' .
My math teacher was warning us about the wet spot on the floor in his classroom the last day of finals. We walked in and he said, 'It's really wet and I've already had a couple kids go down unexpectedly.' .
I'm texting my friend Zack about eating oreos because he wanted to put 6 double stuffed oreos into one. He decided it was disgusting because 'it was too big, and had too much cream.' .
I went to see a play the other night. After it was done I was meeting all of the actors to congratulate them. I told one of them I liked his character voice. He replied, 'Yeah, it was just something that came out unexpectedly.' .
My friends and I were in the pool playing with the foam pool noodles. My foam noodle slipped and she said, 'Your noodle just squirted up into me!' 
My friend had her birthday last night, and I forgot to give her my gift. I told her that I would give it to her if she visited me at work today, and she told me 'Alright, I will try my hardest to come.' .
While at summer camp, my mountain biking instructor was discussing how to operate the brakes. 'Pump with your right hand and then slowly add in your left.' .
So I was in the kitchen with my mom and I had just washed my hands. I thought it would be funny to hug her with my wet hands, so I did. She then says, 'Stop! I'm already wet without you putting your hands on me.' .
Me and My friend went to a gas station one time and we bought ICEES, he took the lid off and started licking it off the rim of the cup he told me 'It tastes better if you lick it off the top' 
My friend was at school one day and she was trying to put in an earing and it wouldn't go in. I told her she needed to push harder and she said, 'I dont think it's going to fit, maybe we should get it wet, then it will slide in really easy.' .
At my friend's birthday party we decided to play Mario Kart on Wii. I was playing the one level with the big black boulder things that can knock into you, and I said 'Ughh, I hate those big black balls!' .
My friends and I were eating lunch one day. We were playing around with our food and throwing it at each other. One of my friends was fed up and said, 'Stop playing with it and eat it already!' .
Today I was watching my stepbrother play Wii Sports Resort. At one point in the game he said, 'This gives your arm a workout!' .
My friends and I were in the pool and we were blowing into the foam noodles making water come out. After a while, my friends said, 'Ow, now my cheeks hurt from blowing too hard.' .
I was in the car with my friends, and I was describing what playing the trumpet was like after not playing for two years. I accidentally said, 'It was so hard my lips were swollen.' .
This weekend I went to the beach with my family. Wile we were putting on sunscreen my sister turned to me and said, 'Is there any white stuff on my face?' .
Today on Facebook I made a status about how I missed my bus saying: 'I hate it when you miss your bus by 30 seconds.' Soon after posting this, one of my friends commented saying: 'Oh yeah I hate it when it pulls out just as you get there.' .
I was at a Spanish restaurant with my friend and we got diced sausage as an appetizer. I didn't want to spoil my appetite so I told him to eat it. He says, 'I'm going to finish this sausage....yummy.' After I had caught by breath from all the laughter I yelled, 'You almost made me choke!' .
At a restaurant, one of my friends accidentally swallowed her gum. After a few seconds of coughing and hacking, she spat it back out, promptly gasping, 'I've never felt something go that far down my throat in my life!' .
While we were eating lunch, my friend put half and orange in her mouth juice came out. She said, 'It squirted all over my face and hands!' .
Me and a few friends were driving home from a tournament with our coach. We had a portable speaker that we can plug an iPod into with a jack. We were all singing at the top of our lungs when suddenly the music goes silent. We all sit there in silence when my friend announces, 'dangit, it fell out. I can't get it back in.' .
Today, I was at a horse show, about to jump a course and my riding instructor said, 'This is a long and hard one, so ride it the hardest and fastest you can.' .
My mother and I were at an ATM machine that wasn't reading her credit card. Now very frustrated she tells me, 'I'm putting it in all the way and it doesn't work! If I keep pulling it out it'll get even harder!' .
My grandma was drinking a milkshake and said, 'it's too thick. I just keep sucking and I'm getting dizzy from it.' .
One day my friend and I were talking about swimming in gym. She was complaining about getting her hair in her swim cap and said, 'There's too much of it, it wont all go in at once.' .
Today I was walking with my friend and we were listening in to a conversation between two guys. One of the guys said, 'Here, I'll just put it in quick and fast.' The other proceeded to say, 'NO! It's too big, it will rip!' .
I work at an amusement park. Today at work, a father was talking to his son, giving him directions for when his daughter got off the ride. He said 'Son, after she gets off, then you can leave.' 
So for our Relay for Life team last year, my team decided to tie-dye our t-shirts. At the Relay, people were talking to my friend about her shirt. She told them she wasn't able to make it the night we all dyed the shirts, so she didn't make hers. They asked her who made it, and she said 'Everyone squirted a little in mine.' .
A friend was asking me about those Camelbak waterbottles and said, 'Do you have to suck harder to get more out?' .
So, me and a couple of friends were having a small bonfire in an old metal barbecue when we decided to add more fuel for the fire. As I reached to put a piece of wood in the fire she said, 'That's quite big, it might not fit. Oh shove it in anyway!' .
Me and some friends were talking about tornadoes. I tell them 'You know, from what I hear, they don't really suck. They blow.' .
I was with two friends &amp; we were listening to my one friend's iPod in the dock. All a sudden the iPod stopped, so my friend went over to plug the iPod back in and said, 'It's not working.' My other friend said, 'Just jiggle it around a little and it should slide right in' .
I was talking to one of my friends about why guys had bigger hands than girls. She asked for an example and I mentioned one of my really close guy friends and said his hand is oversized. Then she said 'Yeah, everything on that boy is oversized.' .
My friend's birthday was a couple days ago. He loves food, and when I asked him what he wanted, he said McDonald's. I told him I was going to get him a happy meal and asked him what toy he wanted with it. He said, 'I don't care as long as it's fun to play with.' .
I was on a date the other night when the guy decided to take me to a Sushi restaurant. It was my first time eating Sushi. When we got there, he ordered a few tuna rolls, picked one up with his chopsticks, and attempted to feed it to me. Not thinking, I blurted out (loudly) 'It's so big! I can't possibly fit the whole thing in my mouth!' .
Today me, my mom ,and my little sister were in the car. My sister was having a hard time finishing here burger so my mom yells, 'Just stuff the damn thing in your mouth and swallow.' .
I was at the computer lab, some dude was trying to put an external HDD in the USB slot. He called the teacher and said, 'It's too big, it won't fit in.' .
The other day A friend was playing with his phone in class and the guy behind him started shouting, 'No! Put it away, you can't do that in class!' .
Yesterday, I was eating a cheese quesadilla for lunch and a bunch of grease spilled on to my lap, and I said 'As soon as I squeezed it, it squirted on me.' .
On the 4th of July, when my family and I were watching fireworks, we were waiting for the grand finale but it didn't come for a while. We were all sitting there waiting and then I said, 'Normally there's a huge climax but for some reason it's not coming.' .
I was helping my girlfriend move in and didn't know where to put a box because it wasn't labeled. So I walked in carrying the box and asked her where she wanted it and she replied, 'Oh just put it back there somewhere, but be gentle with it; I dunno if its wrapped.' .
Today I was babysitting my nephew and my niece. My niece said something to piss my nephew off so he told her to go suck an egg, to which she replied 'I cant suck that! It is way to large to fit in my mouth!' .
I hate my dog and was complaining to my best friend about him. She then replied with 'I know, he licks and licks and makes everything wet!' .
I was at my friend's house swimming, and my mom came to pick me up and was in a hurry. She said, 'Come on, we have to go!' I said 'ok!' Then she said, 'Honey, come faster, I have to go!' . Then when I was ready I said, 'Ok, I finally came. Are you happy now?' .
So me and my friends are in terrible Los Angeles traffic, with people lining up to get in the clubs on Hollywood Blvd. Well, we saw this white limo Hummer struggling to switch lanes. My friend noticed this and proceeded to say, 'He's so big, let the poor guy in. It’s probably already hard.' .
I was racing a friend, and I was running ahead of her. She was gasping for breath, and called out, 'Slow down, you're too quick!' .
I was watching Man Vs. Food and the guy asked, 'What is your Favorite part of the crawfish?' The girl said,'The head is the best part, it's very juicy. You need to get it and suck it, suck every little thing out.' .
I was at the bar with my wife and buddies, and we ordered some Washington Apple shots. I gave it to my wife, who said, 'There's no way I can fit all of this in my mouth!' .
My sister was putting on a baseball mitt and said 'It isn't stiff enough yet.' .
I was having a sleepover at my condo and we were watching movies, and my friend said that she had a huge wedgy. My other friend said to her, 'Do you want me to pull it out for you?' .
So, we were sitting in the computer room the other day when my sister decided to get a gallon of water. She explained to us how she was going to drink it without spilling a drop, and said, 'I'm going to put my mouth on it and suck it dry.' .
I was bowling with my friends yesterday and a news update came on about hurricane Alex, which we are all worried about. Before the reporter finished up talking about the storm she said, ' It's big, it's slow and it's gonna be long.' .
It was nearing the end of my shift while I worked at a sandwich shop and all of a sudden customers started flooding into the store. My replacement for the night stepped up to the line and we started making sandwiches as fast as possible. Fifteen minutes after my shift ends the line started to clear. I turned and asked my replacement if I could go and he said, 'Yeah, I was hopping up here so you could get off.' .
Today, me and my girlfriend were listening to her iPod on the move. she had her ear piece in and was choosing a song. After selecting a song, she handed me the other piece and said, 'Put this in. You'll like it.' .
I showed my friend my new iPod Shuffle, and he said, 'Wow, I didn't know they came that small.' .
My Dad was watching the game show Cash Cab and I heard him shouting answers at the TV so I asked him what the question was and he goes 'Oh, it was a long one.' .
I just heard my Dad say to my Mom (in reference to a water bottle): 'Don't squeeze it too hard or it will all come squirting out the top.' .
I was sitting in a mall with my friend and we were drinking passionfruit bubble tea, which has tapioca. My friend said, 'It's hard to suck' and then I replied, 'If I suck too hard, I'm gonna choke.' .
So, I'm at work and my boss just took his lunch out of the microwave. As he's walking to his office one of my co-workers walks in, smells the fish and says 'Boy, I sure hope that tastes better than it smells.' .
Today I was asking if I should write my report for school before my girlfriend wrote hers. She replied,'No, because it will take me longer than you to finish.' .
My friend was telling me about the time she swallowed a fly and said, 'It was long and black and wouldn't get out of me.' Not realizing what she was saying, she continued, 'It was coming at me so fast, I didn't have time to close my mouth. That thing entered so quickly'. .
We were re-setting our office cell phones, and one of my co-workers needed a pin or paperclip and when asked what size she needed, the response was 'anything that will fit in this hole.' When handed a pin she looked at it and said, 'Oh, that's not going to be big enough.' .
My grandma was getting her insulin shot from my dad and said, 'wWhen you stick it in, it hurts.' .
I was playing Bad Company 2 and one of my squad members was up in a building looking out the window for enemies and he said: 'oh, two guys are coming, this is going to be a real treat.' .
My friend and I had been playing out in a short rainstorm. When it was over my friend said that it was fun. I replied, 'It was exciting, I just wish it would've lasted longer.' .
I was talking to my friend about the new apartment she was getting. 'It's bigger than yours right?' I asked. The response: 'No, they're about the same size except his is longer.' .
The other day I was at the pool and this little girl was getting out of the pool but she didn't want to burn her feet on the hot cement so she splashed water on the ground before she got out. When her dad asked what she was doing she replied, 'I'm getting it wet first so it won't hurt!' .
I was cleaning out my locker on the last day of school. I had all my books in my backpack and it barely fit in my locker. After finally getting it in my locker my friend told me that we leave them in our homeroom. Without thinking I replied, 'I worked that hard getting it in, I'm not taking it out.' .
So these two bisexual girl tenants are moving out. I guess they were trying to bring out a queen size mattress up the stairs and it got stuck. They called me to help them out. When I got there the mattress was still in the doorway stuck and I couldn't get past it to push it out. So one of them goes to the other, 'Hey can you pull it out so I can go down?' .
My roommate and I were drinking and she starts coughing hysterically. I asked her what happened and she said, 'I choked before I even put it in my mouth.' .
I was at the park with my friends. They took the swing so I took the monkey bars and I sat on it. My friend told me to get off of it and I said no. Then later she said, 'I'm waiting for you to go down, I don't care how long it takes I got all day.' .
My friend and I were eating Skittles by my pool when she said 'My favorite way to have these is to suck on them one at a time.' .
Me and my classmates were doing a project but there weren't enough glue. An aid came in and gave us bottles of glue that are full, she put it on our table. But one of my classmates took it so we had to use the almost empty ones. My friend said ' I had to press it really hard so the sticky stuff would come out.' .
My little cousin was drinking hot chocolate and her sister said oh blow on it so it doesn't burn you, then my little cousin says, 'Yeah ,but I hate when you blow really hard and it explodes all over your face.' .
Today at work a girl made one of those small bags of popcorn. A co-worker sitting next to me leaned over and said 'I can't believe it's so tiny.' .
I was in jazz band one day, and my teacher was getting frustrated with some people fooling around, and not playing their parts. He finally stood up, and said 'come on! just put it in your mouth and blow!' .
I was talking to a customer on the phone about where she wants to sit in the theatre I work at, and she says 'Well, my husband is pretty big, and I want him to be able to get in and out pretty easily.' .
Me and my cousin were drinking from this cup of soda with a straw, and there was barely any left, and she was like 'I'm sucking, but nothing's coming out!' .
I heard the song “Rude Boy” by Rihanna and the lyrics are: 'Come on rude boy, boy can you get it up? Come here rude boy, boy is you big enough? Take it, take it. Baby, baby. Take it, take it. Love me, love me.” .
My little cousin had a cup of lemonade and he was trying to put the straw in the lid, and his mom said 'No honey, not that hole, it's too small I don't think it will fit, try again!' 
On the last day of school we had a water balloon challenge. Somebody dropped the balloon and it didn't pop. She picked it up and started squeezing to see if it would pop. It didn't so she said, 'I'm squeezing it but nothing's coming out on me' .
I was trying to dry a giant blanket in our dryer in the laundry room when my mom came over and said 'You're going to have to take it out and turn it around then then put it back in because it's too big and wet' 
One time in English, the class 'tomboy' girl was wearing big hoop earrings so my friend Will asked her why and she replied with 'I'm trying to stretch my hole'. .
I was playing Resident Evil on the Wii with a buddy, and the girl main character (Rebecca) said about the monster we were shooting: 'Aim for the Mouth!' .
Me and my friend were sitting in class and we saw a box that said green paper on it, but we wondered if the paper was coloured green or eco green. There was a split in the box and my friend said 'have a look in the crack and see if you can see anything white'. .
Me and my friend were sitting in class and we saw a box that said green paper on it, but we wondered if the paper was coloured green or eco green. There was a split in the box and my friend said 'have a look in the crack and see if you can see anything white'. .
My mom was teaching my sister how to cut the skin off of mangoes. My sister accidentally cut off way more than just the skin, and she said, 'oops, is that ok?' and my mom said, 'That's fine. It's better when you go deep.' .
One day at swim practice, I blew water out of my mouth and created mist. So my friend asked how I did that and I replied, 'You just get a little in your mouth, and be sure to blow really hard.' .
Today, my mom and I went to a gardening store. We bought a huge bag of soil for the plants in the backyard. I didn't think it would fit in the trunk so I said 'It's not going to fit,' my mom responded with 'Come on if you turn it the other way it will fit.' I replied with 'You're right, its smaller than it looks, I thought it was bigger.' .
Today, I was hanging out with my friend who has an Ipad. ME:'Hey can I use your Ipad?' MY OTHER FRIEND: 'Why? It's just like a big Ipod Touch.' ME: 'But its so much more fun when its big!' .
While my girlfriend was eating fruit from her sangria, her friend said 'you've got some on your face.' . Unbeknownst to my girlfriend she responded, 'This piece is too big...I cant fit it in my mouth.' .
During the morning announcements in school, the Vice Principal was talking about a pot hole in the parking lot that kids made bigger by carving it out with sticks. She proceeded to say, 'Don't poke it with a stick. Just run off and play with your balls.' .
I was eating crepes for breakfast, and sometimes I like to pour batter on them and eat them rolled up like a burrito. The batter usually leaks out of the crepe so I use a rubber spatula to lick it off the plate. I was playing with the spatula after I finished the batter and it fell on my lap. Then without thinking I said, 'Aw, it fell out of my mouth.' . And my mom proceeded to say, 'Well you need to either keep it in your mouth or don't put it there in the first place.' .
My mom was painting my new shed this afternoon she said, 'My hand and arm are getting tired.' My dad said, 'We're almost done, keep stroking.' .
My friend was getting her ears pierced and I came along. She said, 'Will you just stick your thing in me so it won't hurt me anymore? Because I REALLY want to do this.' .
Today, my friend was at my house and I was on my laptop. I left the room for a second and told him not to touch my laptop, and when I came back, my MSN messenger had popped up. He looked at me and said 'I didn't touch your thing, but its up' .
At water polo practice, my friend was trying to kick the ball into the goal while in the water. When she missed my other friend yelled across the pool 'just angle your body right and that sucker in.' .
Today I was having a water fight with my girlfriend and she didn't want me to get her hair wet. So on purpose I squirted her in the face when she wasn't looking, and she yelled out 'What the fuck! Don't you know how to aim, you got me right in the eye!!' .
Okay, well I'm from England and now live in America, you know British call erasers, rubbers? Well in the middle of a dead silent test, I ask 'Does anyone have a rubber I can borrow, I will give it back after I finished with it.' .
I was with my friend and I was playing with her hair scrunchy. She tells me 'stop playing with that. You'll stretch it out and then I can't use it'. .
The other day, i was chewing on my bracelet and flung it on my friend and, said 'it's all slimy cause I was sucking on it.' .
I was watching That 70's Show and Red was stoned out of his mind. At one point he sprayed a fire extinguisher and he smiled really proudly and exclaimed, 'Wow that really shot out of there.' .
I was seeing a band with a short friend of mine. She stood on her toes trying to see the stage and said 'I need another six inches.' .
The other day a few friends and I were making cookies. One of the guys was stirring the mix and said, 'My hand's getting kinda tired. Does anyone else wanna beat this?' .
A coworker of mine is getting over a cold and has to blow her nose a lot. Before going into a meeting she was blowing her nose and I told her in a joking manner to blow it all out now because there will be none of that for the next hour or so. She responded by saying, “Oh I will blow, and you will sit there and enjoy it.” .
In band today we began working on a song that was more tough then others we had played, so the director said, 'Don't blow yet, just try fingering it first.' .
I was playing FIFA '10 with my friend. He said,'No fair! He came right between my legs!' .
I tend to always be late.. to everything. So today i was late for band practice, and I can't get picked up til way later. Luke, the keyboardist, said to me, 'Shane, why can't you just come earlier and leave sooner?' .
Last night, an earthquake hit Southern California. My friend called me and described the earthquake as the following: 'Yeah, it was a big scary one. I was shaking it lasted so long!' .
Well, my dad knocked his fan causing parts to fall off. When my mom was trying to put it back together she happened to say, 'Help me, I cant seem to get it to go in!' .
In my friend's music theory class, the teacher was pitting the boys against girls for the different bars on a sheet of music. When the boys declared they wanted to play more difficult part, the teacher said 'Alright, come on, girls on top, boys on the bottom'. .
I was going to sharpen a broken pencil so i could continue studying but it won't work! I told my dad about it and he said 'You're sticking it in the wrong hole!' .
Me and my friend were playing a 1 on 1 game of Basketball. He fouls me and I go to the foul line to take a shot I missed. So he asks 'How did you miss that shot?' I replied 'My hands are still slippery from earlier.' .
I was helping at a camp in my primary school and in one of the activities, the kids had to draw a picture of an endangered animal and write some information about it. This group decided to draw a penguin, and after the penguin was drawn, one of the boys, who was about 9 years old found that the penguin's beak looked flat and said 'Maybe we should try something horny.' .
One time at a church activity, we were all talking about our favorite foods. This one girl says 'Hmm...I like anything that can fit in my mouth.' .
I was performing for my senior class at a senior banquet. I borrowed a friend's acoustic electric guitar, but I couldn't find the input jack. While I struggled to find the jack with the end of a power cord, I said, 'I'm having trouble putting it into this hole here.' .
I was at band practice the other day and i found a bottle of sun tan lotion when my mate turned around i pushed down the bottle top and he responded 'omg you squirted it in my eye you bastard, it burns!' .
My friends and I were at an amusement park. One friend insisted that we go on a particularly small-looking ride, to the objections of the others. Defending her case, she said 'Oh come on!! If it's really tiny, we'll just ride it twice!' .
We were trying to fit a new TV in the back end of my grandma's truck and my mom said 'It's OK, bigger things have been shoved in there.'
I went to a class dinner one night and, at one point, there were three blondes sitting around me. I muttered, 'I'm in an awkward position.' .
Well me and my friend were sitting in my room after a night out and he had a sore throat, I gave him a glass of water after taking a gulp he said 'ughh it hurts when I swallow' .
I was babysitting last night and i was blowing up pool floaties, my face was obviously going red so the six year old boy i babysit says 'stop blowing it or you will hurt yourself!' .
I was driving with my friend in a tiny parking lot. A car zoomed past us, going the other direction. My friend yelled 'You can't go that fast when it's this tight!' .
I was at McDonalds with my girlfriend and i asked if she wanted the new bacon angus burger and she said 'No way that is too big!!' .
My sister and I were playing an old computer game we played when we were little. On the game, you can throw these balls up in the air. When we did, the game froze and I said 'The balls are just hanging there!' Noticing that they were in a little hole in the fence, I added 'Are they stuck in the hole?' .
I saw the new Excel mint gum commercial and it said 'It's the wettest thing in the world.' .
My friend was talking about how bad she is at making  jokes. She then picked up a pen she found on the ground and without thinking I said,'Wow! That's really long!' She replied,'!' While laughing she exclaimed,'Hey, I'm getting pretty good at this! It's easier than I thought it would be!' .
Watching Toy Story and Sid (the bad next door neighbor kid)talking about receiving his rocket in the mail exclaims...'It came, it finally came...THE BIG ONE.' .
My friend asked me if she could have a Taylor Lautner poster because she loves him. So the next day of school i come with the poster and she started screaming. She was trying to put it in her binder and then she said 'it wont fit!' And i said 'oh, you probably have to wiggle it around then it will slide in.' .
I had spent the night at a friend's house one weekend. When she went to bed, she took out her contacts, and the following morning, she went to put them back in. A speck of dust must have gotten on one, for she yelled out 'It's in right! Why does it hurt so much, it's not like it's my first time or anything!' .
I had my arm resting on my shorter friend's shoulder and I looked at her and said, 'wow you are the perfect length for me right now.' .
I had been craving a Rice Krispies treat all day so when they were available in the dining hall, I grabbed one. I tried to take a big bite of it, when I realized how stale it was. I said the following to my friends, 'I guess I was so excited that I just couldn't wait to get it in my mouth. Remind me never to put something so big and... hard in my mouth again. It really tore it up.' .
I was at work and me and a co-worker were trying to fit this peice of ply-wood on to a section of a wall. After having some difficult, my co-worker says. 'You can try and stick it in there but its going to get really tight.' .
My friend was telling me about how tired she was from working out: 'Hot damn that hurt, but it was a good hurt. I broke a sweat. A major sweat.' .
While doing a lab experiment in chemistry class, me and my partner had to fill test tubes with different chemicals, which we needed to do with a dropper. So I told her, referring to the dropper, 'Just stick it in there, fill it up, and pull it back out.' .
Today, I was playing Pac-Man and my sister was watching. I beat the first two levels, and the character chased a ghost across the screen, and then chased the ghost back across the screen as a bigger Pac-Man. My sister said, 'I don't understand why it gets so big.' .
A few weeks ago at school, there was an assembly addressing several issues. all of the students were sitting on the gym floor, and after while, we started to get annoyed. The principal noticed this and said, 'Be patient, I know it's hard and the floor is uncomfortable, but I'm almost finished.' .
The other day my friend came over for his first sleepover. When he walked into my room to find that I had a bunk bed he said 'Oh I call top!'. Following behind him was my mom who said 'Oh it's your first time! Need any help?' .
I was at a fair with a couple of my friends and there was only a few rides so we chose to go on the one that is similar to the strawberry's at bigger fairs. You had to lift the bar that goes across your legs up and down to let the ride operators know that you wanted to be spun faster. The only problem was that we wanted to go as fast as possible but it hurt when the bar hit our legs. Without thinking I said, 'The faster you bang it, the more it hurts' .
Today my teacher was trying to put a tape in his VCR to show us a video, but he forgot that there was already a tape in there. Thinking no one could hear him, he said to himself, 'That's right, you can't stick it in if there's one in there already.' .
I was driving down the highway and saw a billboard for Ray-Ban sunglasses that said 'We'd love to be sitting on your face'. .
My sister was playing her clarinet and she asked me how to play a B flat and I said 'Just try blowing harder' Her response: 'I can't blow harder, it's too much.' .
A few days ago my best friend was talking about an assignment she did for class and how her teacher didn't like the work she did on it. She said, 'It seemed like it would be easy to do, but it was just so hard! And after all that he didn't even like what I did so I had to do it again!' .
In band class, our conductor was talking about how great our other co-conductor is. The co-conductor's wife was in the room and said, 'He can do magical things with his fingers' .
So i was out with my friend one day and she wanted me to pump gas for her. Her instructions were, 'Put it in and then you can come inside.' .
On an old newspaper ad for a joy stick game, the title said, 'the longer you play with it, the harder it gets.' .
My friend and I were putting all our books from our locker into our backpacks on the last day of school. She was going to give me her spanish binder so I could have her notes to study for the final. I went to take it out of her backpack and she said 'No, no! Don't take it out! It wont go back in!' .
I was at chickfila with my friend while this lady and her daughter were eating ice cream behind us. The daughter's ice cream started dripping so the mom said to her daughter,'Here put it in my hands and ill lick it from the bottom for you' .
A friend of mine was having trouble putting away a tent, so I decided to help her. Her tent couldn't fit into the bag that it was supposed to be in. She screamed out, 'I could get this in! I could get this in! I just need to squeeze it tight and push it in quickly.' .
I work at a craft beer bar, and we were all getting lessons from the owner on how to pour a perfect pint - including how to get the right amount of foam on the top, and how this head helps preserve the beer in the glass. The boss says 'Head is important, and make sure you give a lot of it to your customers.' 
My mom and I were sitting in the living room when I opened up a box of medicine. I was complaining how big the pills were and she says 'just put it in the back of your throat and don't think about it.' .
Today, my friend handed me a blackberry. The moment I put it in my mouth, she laughed. She later informed me that it had had mold on it, and said 'I thought you'd examine before you put it in your mouth!' she claimed. 
My friends were thinking of going to a beer-fest this weekend, and one of them said they didn't drink beer. The other one said, 'Just taste it, and then spit it out. Don't swallow.' .
My Spanish teacher was talking about her experieneces with volcanoes in Costa Rica. She was telling us about a volcano there that has frequent activity when she said 'I just can't believe that huge thing explodes 8 to 12 times every day!' .
I was making tamales with a this mexican chick once and i ended up putting too much meat in the wrap so when it cooked it exploded, and she told me 'Yeah whenever you stuff it too much, it rips.' .
We were in science class and had to do an experiment. We had to blow into a glass full of water with a straw. And our teacher said, 'Don't blow too hard, you don't want it all over your face.' .
So my friend and i were at cheer practice. Her hair is very thin and falls out of a pony tail a lot. So she said,'Its harder to keep in when its thin. It just keeps falling out.'.
Sitting at lunch, my friend was eating a cookie with white frosting inside, taking a bite she says, 'I keep swallowing the white stuff, but it keeps on coming!' .
A friend was trying to text me a multimedia message but my phone is ridiculous, so I text back 'it's too big, I can't receive it.' .
One day me and my friend were playing rockband 2. He was playing drums. After 30 minutes he said 'my hands hurt can we take a break.' .
Today, I was at my friends house while her mom was steam cleaning the carpet. Then her mom's boyfriend goes ' the harder you go, more will come out.' .
My friend asked how to scroll on my Macbook Pro, my other friend replied, 'You have to use two fingers.' .
Today, in science class, we were using drawing compasses. My friend was confused and didn't know where to put her pencil so she innocently asked, 'So we can use either hole, right?' .
My friend bit off a big piece of pizza one night and then had to spit it out. When I asked why she did that she replied 'It was really big and uncomfortable in my mouth'. .
Today, while watching The Little Mermaid I just noticed the line where Sebastian goes, 'Darling it's better down where it's wetter, take it from me.' .
It was a hot day and my friend bought an ice cold slushy and was drinking it. I asked for a sip and she gave it to me. However, most of the juice was gone, so I proceeded to stir and probe the ice with the straw through the cap to make it melt faster. When my friend looked over she yelled, 'Can you STOP making my hole bigger!' .
My friend and I were at a party supply store shopping for birthday decorations and we noticed a lot of oversized things like giant pens, penicls, and buttons. My friend commented on this and I responded with 'Well yeah, big things are more fun.' .
My friend was telling me how she put her nose ring back in. We thought it would be hard to do it but she said 'You just have to get it wet then shove it right in!' 
Today my brother and I got slushies. When I found out I had drank all of the flavor out and only had ice left I proceeded to say 'once you suck all the juice out, it's pretty much good for nothing.' 
My history teacher is a soccer coach. I was in class one day and we were talking about last nights game. I was there with my friend and that night it was pouring.. my friend said to our teacher 'I saw you at your game last night but the worst part of it is I was sooo wet.' 
Today on Animal Planet, a dog trainer was teaching a couple how to make their dog more obedient when playing fetch, and noted, 'It's always important to have two balls, so that when he's playing with one, you've got the other.' 
I was in class when these two girls next to me were discussing permission forms for a field trip. All of a sudden the class goes entirely silent as one girl says, 'Just stick it in so you can come already!' 
Me, my two brothers, and my sister were playing wii training for bowling. My brother was angling the ball to bounce off the bumper and hit the pins, but he kinda angled it wrong so it was messed up and my sister says 'NOOOO, you went in too deep.' 
Today, my dad was pushing my little sister on the swing, and I was playing soccer with my brother. My sister decided that she was bored with swinging, so she yelled for my dad to stop the swing, even though she was going really fast. My dad replied, 'I can't stop it when you're going so hard!' 
I was in Chemistry, we were doing an experiment and a couple of people were fooling around with water. We were tidying up when one girl shouted 'Stop it, you're making me all wet!' 
My family and I were playing cards on the living room floor. My dad is getting older so he said 'This position is really rough on my back.' TWWS
I was in my friend's car and he found a whistle on the floor. We were in the back two seats and everyone in the car except the driver was asleep. He said, 'I should blow this as hard as I can'. 
Me and my little sister were eating at Shoneys. She's eating a really big strawberry and goes, 'It's so big I doubt I can fit it all in my mouth.' 
Today my friend and I were chewing bubble gum. She blew a really really big bubble and when it popped, she said 'Ahh! It's all over my face!' 
We had a visiting composer today in band, and he started talking about how the clarinets were scared of their parts. At one point he had a scared expression and said 'Ahhhhh! It just keeps coming! It's coming again!' After that, he talked about the timpani drums, and said 'Yeah, the head is too big!' 
In Biology, we were doing an experiment with ballons, but they weren't blown yet. So, the teacher asked if anybody could blow the balloon. A girl raised her hand and called out, 'I can blow good!' 
I was at home depot getting wood to repair my house. As I was searching through the stack a guy came up next to me and started to tell me about how to pick a good board and said, 'Now see this wood is hard. If you run your hand down the side you can feel the density and firmness' 
We were moving some furniture around in the garage today. I was trying to squeeze a large box into a small space when my mom yells over: 'There is no way that will fit in there! Just look at how tight it is!' 
Today, our class had a show and one scene uses an iron as a prop. While back stage, my friend discovered that pushing a button on the iron sprayed water and began spraying it on my face. Without thinking i said 'Adam stop spraying my face! You're making me all wet!' 
Overheard on a popular home improvement show. Designer is painting a wall with a roller: 'Long strokes are more efficient. You can finish in half the time. Short strokes tire you out faster.' 
I was in the city with my friends and we were drinking bubble tea. There was hardly any left in my friends cup and he said 'I keep sucking but it's not coming!' 
We started summer classes, and my teacher was talking about how small are class was. This kid in front of me said 'Is it going to get bigger?' 
A car driving past us through puddles splashed my friend. When someone asked her why she screamed, she said, 'I scream when I'm wet!' 
I was watching TV, and a Progressive commercial came on. One of the guys said 'Wow! That's even bigger than I thought!' 
Today I heard some people in the band going over their music. As they were going through it without playing, watching for mistakes, I heard a kid say, 'How about we finger it first?' 
I was camping and there were bunk beds. My friend came and my other friend said that 'it is a little tight but your small so you could fit.' 
I was talking to some friends before their softball practice. I tried to put on one of my friend's glove, which is much smaller than my hand. As she ran towards me to take her glove away from me she yelled: 'Get your hand out of there! You're gonna stretch it out!' 
Today I was in my jazz band and my teacher was tuning the saxophones and went by each one saying, 'push in, pull out, push in, pull out.' 
In Science, we were dissecting a chicken wing. This guy in my group couldn't cut the skin so the teacher came and did it easily by putting the scissors in the skin more. Then this other guy in my group says 'Aww, Daniel, I told you you should have put it in more!' 
My friend whispered something in my other friend's ear today about the guy she liked. My other friend answered out loud, 'I don't know, it's so hard.' 
I did a gravity bong. Afterward I walked into the next room and said 'I didn't get my mouth over it before it shot out, but it all shot in my mouth anyway.' 
Me and my family were eating bread, when my sister randomly blurts out 'If this were any harder it would break my fake teeth!' 
My friend said she wanted jolly ranchers. I asked why and she said, 'Because I want something small that I can suck on.' 
My friend was trying to hide the remote from his brother and he was like 'I don't know where to put it', I responded 'Just sit on it till he comes and goes away' 
I was giving my friend, who is a girl, a piggy back ride and I put her down and said 'my turn', she responded 'Chris, how can I do you, you are too big!' 
My coach was showing us a new exercise and I was joking around playing. He preceded to say 'stop playing around and get into position' and I responded 'Ok coach, it just hurts my back to do this' 
We were eating at Mcdonald's and my wife ordered a big and tasty. While eating it, some mayo got on her shirt and she wiped some of it off, missing a big blob of it. After telling her, she grabbed a napkin and wiped the rest of it off saying 'I didn't realize it squirted that much' .
So me and my mate were joking around in media and he started acting like a meth head and I started getting sort of scared so he said 'you do know I'm faking it right' .
I was looking at the 'Eat This, Not That' Restaurant Guide at a store and wanted it but didn't want to spend the money. I thought about it for a minute and realized I didn't need the book because my girlfriend is a nutritionist so I looked at her and said, 'We don't need this since you already know how to eat out.' .
I was in the darkroom at school and someone asked for a sheet of photo paper. As she was sliding the bag of paper back into the envelope she said 'I can't get in in gently and I don't wanna just shove it in '. .
I was playing yahtzee with my mom and friend and i had to use my chance and my mom goes 'That was pretty big, but it could've been bigger!' 
I was working on this math project with my mom today where we had to nail nails into wood. We needed nails with big tops to hold string on and when I put the first one in she said, 'No no, its way to thick and those heads are massive, they'll penetrate too far. You have to pull it out before it does any damage.' .
My friend and I were sitting in Spanish and she was measuring the size of something with her hands. She then proclaimed 'It's too big! I can't put two hands around it!' .
I was at the zoo with my wife and son and another couple with their son they were both riding in a wagon and I was having trouble buckling them in. I asked my friend's wife how to do it and she said 'you have to squeeze it before you put it in.' .
My brother was trying to plug speakers into his computer. There are three different jacks for different types of speakers in our computer. When my brother kept trying the wrong ones and no sound came out, my dad got frustrated and said, 'No! You're doing it wrong! You're sticking it in the wrong hole!' .
I was at work and I had folded up a really thick letter and was trying to put it into an envelope. My friend said 'that's never gunna work' and I replied 'It will do, I've fit bigger ones in.' .
Today in Math, my teacher was writing down a really complicated problem on the board. Half-way into it she says 'Oh my god, this just keeps getting harder and harder!' .
This girl in my class bought this huge lolli-pop and she had been licking it since 1st period. By 7th period, the lolli-pop hadn't gotten much smaller and the girl turns to me and says, 'I've been sucking on this thing all day and it doesn't feel any smaller, just stickier!' .
My friend was talking about her new boyfriend and how he's so great. She was talking about how he understands her and she said, 'He gets so deep. Nobody's ever been that far inside, and it feels so good to just release it all for him!' .
In math class we had an assignment where we had to measure lines with rulers. The girl next to me looked at her ruler, raised her hand and said 'Is it gonna be longer than 6 inches because that's all I can do.' .
I'm on the phone with my friend while playing video games. Getting tired of dying in the game I say out loud 'That's it, I give up. It was fun at first but then it just got harder and harder, and I kept falling off it.' .
I shared a cab with these two random drunk girls one night, and the C.D. the driver played began to skip. Drunk girl #2 says 'you need to pull it out, lick it, and stick it back in!' .
I was bartending one night and a guy bought his date several drinks that she only sipped at before pushing away. Finally fed up with her pickiness he orders an Irish car bomb so that she will have to down it. Before she drinks it he tells her, 'Okay you just gotta swallow it fast 'cuz if you let it sit too long in your mouth, it will be too creamy to swallow!' .
In math class one day we were making paper models for our journals. Someone yelled out 'UGH mine won't fit'  the teacher looks at her and the person says 'No matter what I do I'm never going to get this to fit in here!' .
My friends and I were eating lunch one day around Halloween and we started talking about pumpkin seeds. One of my friends said 'How do you eat pumpkin seeds? Do you bake them with seasoning first?' and my other friend said 'No, I just suck on 'em and swallow.' .
Today the people who live above me were loud so my roommate told me to bang on the ceiling because I'm tall. I replied, 'I can touch it, but i can't bang it'. .
I was sitting in co-op with people discussing senior trip and asking if they're gonna swim in Galveston, Lynsey proceeded to say 'No.' So I said,'You're gonna get in it and you're gonna like it.' 
In my Creative Writing class, my teacher made us go around and describe our prom dresses. I went first, and I began by telling her how long my dress was (its a long gown that goes to my feet). She then exclaimed, “Oh, I LOVE the long ones!” .
My girlfriend and I were making dinner at my Mother's. My girlfriend was frying some chicken in the pan and when she saw it was a lot of chicken, my mom suggested that she fry it in two batches, to which my girlfriend proudly replied: 'If there's anything I'm an expert at, is making things fit into small spaces!' .
Yesterday, I went ice skating with my boyfriend. He is a hockey player and I am a figure skater. My little cousin was with me when he skated up to us and did a hockey stop, splashing ice all over my pants. I then said 'That was awesome but, now I am all wet.' .
I was sitting in calculus class the other day and my teacher was talking about some music. My buddy had heard him and thought the music would be good. So he turns to me and says, 'This is gonna be good! I can already feel it!' .
My sister and I were sitting in the car after getting home from Dunkin Donuts. She told me to close the window but I was holding my drink so I said 'I'm trying but its kind of hard to do with only one hand.' .
Today, my friend was swimming in a lake with a life jacket on, which was 1 size too small. When she jumped in the cold water, she shouted, 'It's shrinking, I can feel it!' 
We had math class today, and my friend was trying to put lead into his pencil. He asked me how to put it in. Without thinking, I said 'Just stick it in the hole.'. .
Today I was making Rice Crispie squares with my girlfriend and she was playing with the marsh mellows after they were melted and she says, Oh my this is sticky! I said 'Just put it in your mouth. I'm sure it tastes better than it looks.' .
My Mom was talking to me about cutting the lawn. She noticed I was exhausted and says 'It's harder when it's longer, isn't it?' .
Me, my sister, my mom, and my friend were all having a  war at my table. Everything we'd say, it would somehow become a  joke. After a really funny one, my mom started laughing. After putting leftover lettuce from dinner into a bag, she tried to fit half a cucumber in it - while still laughing - and would it wouldn't go, she screamed 'Honey, I don't think this is going to fit!' .
In Orchestra practice i was using my iPhone as a tuner. The conductor sarcastically asked if i had an app to play my instrument as well. I play trombone, and i have a trombone app. So i started playing my part on my phone. This pissed him off and he shouted 'Jacob, put your bone back in your pants, and don't let me see you playing with it for the rest of the night.' .
My mum and I were making a Sunday roast. We she got out the huge chicken to put in the oven she said, 'It's huge! It'll never fit inside. Maybe we should grease it?' .
Today in math class, my friend was getting some Germ-X from the teacher's desk. He pressed down on the bottle for the Germ-X, and my teacher said, 'WOW! That's a really big squirt!' .
Today I was talking to my friend on Gmail. She was talking about bubble gum when she said, 'i have 2 balls in my mouth, I'm gonna put another in and blow'. 
One of my best friends called me late at night and asked me to let her in, so she could spray herself with body spray before she went home so her parents couldn't find out she smoked. I went to unlock the door, but it wouldn't go in, so I exclaimed 'Oh my god, I'm shaking so bad, it won't go in!' to which my friend answered 'suck it up and stick it in, I have places to go.' .
Today my geometry teacher was drawing on the smart board, and she enlarged the drawing she made. She missed a spot so she filled it in with the marker, but the marker line was smaller than the lines of the drawing. She said, 'Oh that got bigger than I thought'. 
I was helping one of the mechanics remove a CV axle in a car. There are pins that hold them in. So I was in the process of punching the pin out when I wanted to know what method he used to remove them and not thinking about what I was saying I said, ' Do you go all the way or do you pull out?' .
My physics professor was talking about probability and flipped a coin 4 times. Afterwards, he said, 'That's not fair, this one is three times more likely to give you head than tail.' .
I had made soup for my family as a school project. After taking a large gulp, my grandmother said 'Oh God! There's just so much of it! I can't swallow it all at once!' .
When my friend asked me how my weekend was I told her I had a dance competition all weekend. I also told her 'It was long and hard...I mean 2 late nights in a row.' .
My friend and I pulled into the parking lot of the house we were renting when coming back for spring semester when he notices a nearby shrub and comments 'Looks like someone trimmed that bush.' .
The other day, I was messing with my friend's hair. I gave her mousse and told her to run it through her hair. She did, and then, afterwards, angrily complained, 'Crap, now I have all this white sticky stuff on my hands!' 
A friend and I were at a Rob Zombie concert when he came over to us. Afterwards my friend said 'Its funny Im taller than Rob Zombie' to which I replied 'I cant believe how small he is, I thought he'd be bigger.' .
I was in jazz band and our conductor wanted us to gradually get louder, but not too loud. After he laughed to humself, we asked what was so funny. His reply: 'I was going to tell you not to blow your load too early.' .
My mom was picking me up from a sleepover at a friend's house. We had a big snowstorm the night before, and as we were backing out of the driveway she backed into a small snowbank next to the mailbox. She then said,'oops, I think my tailpipe just got stuffed.' .
My sister drank a huge glass of Rolo Chocolate Milk that had way too much chocolate syrup in it and started jumping up and down, she then shouted 'I could do this for hours!' .
I was sitting in a friends bedroom with a bunch of people hanging out, and I noticed my friends phone vibrating. I told her that it was going off and she said 'I can feel it, but I don't know who it is.' .
During lunch today, my friend was having trouble opening her water bottle, so she hands it to me and asks 'can you help me with this? I can't get my hand around it.' .
During lunch at school, we noticed one of our friends was missing so my friend said, 'where is he?' and after she said that, he showed up. My other friend told her, 'you just had to open your mouth and then he came.' .
Today, my friend had a sucker during class and decided she didn't want it anymore, so turns to me and says 'I don't want to suck on this anymore, but since I don't have anywhere else to put it, I guess I might as well just put it back in my mouth, at least it still tastes good.' .
My friend and I were making a house in art class and she was using the hot glue gun. I pulled out cookies from my bag ate one and offered her one she said 'my hands are busy just put it in my mouth.' .
Today me and my brother were trying to blow up an air mattress. I couldn't figure out to get the pump thing in. He grabbed it outta my hand and goes 'you just have to shove it in &amp; pump hard.' .
I was at GatorNationals and the announcers were giving away a Harley. Five people each picked a random key, and whoever put the key in the ignition that started the motorcycle would win the bike. Guy #3 walked up to the motorcycle and the announcer goes, 'He can't get it in! His hand is shaking too much!' .
In tech, my teacher was showing a few students how to use a drill. His instructions were as follows: 'Find the hole with the tip and put it in. If you miss you will hear a sound. Push hard and keep it straight. Take your time so you don't mess up.' .
I was installing a conveyor on a machine at work. I went to move it and a co-worker says 'give me three more inches.' .
Today me and my sister were listening to a guy singing, who happened to be black. The guy hit a low note and my sister said 'I love it when black guys go deep.' .
My friend had a cold and kept on using tissues so I told her that she must be really sick and she said 'yea I've been blowing all day and it just keeps on coming' 
We were doing a science experiment and the teacher said, 'You stick it in and take it out, the second time is going to be harder. When you take it out the second time it may be sticky and wet, so don't play with it. Then the third time it will be smooth slick and easy to take out.' .
One night, me and a bunch of my friend were at a basketball game. My friend was bragging about how she is so much smarter and better at everything than all of us. She then said, 'It's hard being on top.' .
In school we planted some tomato seeds. I had been watering mine for a few minutes when my friend goes 'How much wetter can you possibly want it?!' .
The other day while watching the movie Cars for the hundredth time with my sisters, I finally noticed the line, 'Put it in deep and don't pull out.' .
I was over at my friend's house for dinner, and we were having BBQ. My friend's dad asked him how his steak was. And he said 'It's delicious. So thick, and so juicy.' .
I had just got out of the shower and took my bellybutton ring out to clean it and while I was putting it back in without thinking I said 'Wow! It goes in easier when its wet!' .
We were walking down the hallway, and it was foggy outside. My friend said 'thats the thickest I've ever seen it.' .
Me and my friends were sucking helium outta a balloon. And my friend said, 'OMG it's so hard to get it all down!' 
Last week in softball practice, my team was doing soft toss into the field and my friend came up and handed my coach her two softballs she had. My coach then said to her 'Wow these are the two hardest balls I've felt all day.' .
I ate a lot before jump roping and threw up a little in my mouth. Afterwards I told my friends what had happened, adding, 'it's okay though, I just swallowed it and kept going like a trooper!' .
The other day, me and my bestie were playing the xbox 360 game Spyro. She was playing Spyro and I was playing Cynder. One of Cynder's elements to kill the enemies is wind, so absentminded i yelled 'OH! Oh my God! I'm blowing all these guys!' .
Today in English class we finally handed in our research papers. My friend decided to shout out 'Yes! It's finally in!' .
Today, I was telling a story to my friends about school. After I finished, my friend Michael said, 'That was really deep Kevin.' .
My friend was buying chips from a vending machine at work and he yelled 'Dammit, it got stuck again!!' .
Our drama club was having its cast party at McAlistar's sandwhich shop after one of our shows. The waiter was taking our orders when the girl next to me who happens to be my best friend says, 'yes I'll have mine white and twelve inches. I like the extra meat.' .
Yesterday me and my friend were walking in a parking lot as she offered me a Hubba Bubba. I began chewing the gum and frustratingly said, 'I get so impatient, it's just so big and juicy all I want to do is swallow it.' .
I forgot my phone charger while traveling with a friend and asked to see his wall charger. I was disappointed so I said 'Nope, it doesn't fit. Too big,' and he immediately said 'Who's piece?' I replied, 'Your thing is too big for my hole.' .
Today my friend and I were hiking, we began going back up the cliff and ran into a muddy patch, once we were through it my friend turns back to me and said 'careful that one's really hard and slippery.' .
I was playing Call of Duty with my brother-in-law and when he was waiting to respawn after a team kill all I heard was 'God! Why is it so long!' .
A friend and I were driving down the road. He said you lost an earring. I then reached down my shirt to see if it had fallen down my shirt. He asked did you find it. Without thinking I replied 'it might be in there, but it's so small I don't feel it.' .
I was at work with one of my friends and we got the job of refilling the drink coolers. We were joking around and one of the cases of bottles fell and she picked up one that was fizzy and splashed all over. I yelled 'Oh God, it squirted all over my face!' .
Today my friends and I got out of the car and were talking about when you ride for a long time in a car with leather seats your legs get sweaty. One of my friends didn't hear what was said, so my other friend said 'sometimes when you ride too long, you get wet' .
Today, I was playing tennis with my baby brothers and I said to them I'd meet them outside. The 7 year old went 'Hey we came at the same time!.' .
We had to move some percussion equipment back into the band hall and it was sitting in the hallway by the door and my friend said 'Oh my gosh! Does all that have to fit in there?!?' .
I was in my ceramics class and we were on the wheel and this girl said 'Its too big for me to work with' 
My manager, complaining about having to walk through a downpour on his way in to the building, said 'I'm still wet from this morning!' .
Today, I was trying to take a nap during science, while my teacher was giving my class a lecture. When he saw me sleeping, he came over to me, woke me up, and said 'we are never going to get this done if you keep falling asleep. 
Today, my friend was telling me about how she missed a double bus this morning going to school. In her frustration she said, 'I was standing there and was like, I always ride the big one, why isn't it coming?!' .
My friend was playing with a prize she won out of a cracker, in which you had to balance tiny silver balls on a piece of plastic. After a good half hour of attempts, she gave up, saying 'The more I play with it, the harder it gets!' .
A friend and I were at the hockey shop looking at new hockey sticks and he says 'Man this stick is stiff' and I say 'Don't press too hard or you'll break it.' .
My roommate was trying to help me turn my bluetooth on. After 15 minutes of trying to pair my Bluetooth with my phone she said 'I give up, I don't know how to turn you on.' .
We were playing double beer pong in the backyard at night and after everyone was really drunk, someone says 'Hey! I can't find the other ball, there is only one here' .
Today the whole school had to sit on the basketball courts in the hot sun and my friend turned to me and said 'oh f*** i cant take this, it's hurting my butt.' 
Today, me and my friend were trying to fix a pipe in the rain. My friend picks up a metal rod and asks, 'Where do I stick this thing?' and then without thinking, I say, 'Stick it in that hole, but hurry up, I'm getting wet!' .
My friend is trying out for lacrosse. A girl came up to him in class and asked 'Why is your stick shorter than the rest I've seen?' .
In Geography, my teacher announced 'We're doing oral presentations today.' My friend said, 'Yes, I'm good at oral!' .
I was helping with the plumbing in my house and attempting to lift a heavy pipe when my mom asks: 'do you need help laying that pipe? Or can you get it in there?' .
We were in science today, and my teacher was telling this one kid about this boulder he saw while climbing up a mountain: 'It was absolutely huge,much bigger than any of the ones you would have seen before.' .
My sister and I were listening to In-a-gadda-da-vida, after 10mins, she said: 'I can't take it, its too long!' .
I was watching t.v and a lady was talking about a tornado she saw and said ' it was big and black so I had to run.' 
My little brother was watching TV and eating a banana. My mom walks out into the living room and says to him 'Be careful! Don't stick the whole thing in your mouth, it's too big and you'll choke!' .
My friend just got her nose pierced and I asked her how it went... she replied 'when he did it, it hurt so bad i teared, but then after the pain subsides and now it only hurts if i touch it.' .
We were sitting in math class and my friend asked a boy for help. Another person asked the same guy and he said, 'Just as soon as I'm done doing her, I'll come. Hold on!' .
While attempting to install a piece of pipe, my apprentice shouts 'I can't get it to go in, I don't know what to do.' .
Today in my orchestra class my music teacher was explaining to the cello section on where to lay their fingers on the fingerboard to make it easier to transition from higher to lower notes faster. When he finished he said, 'Now that's some good fingering.' .
I was at lunch with my crazy friends. One of them refuses to use a spoon for some reason and the person next to me had a spoon in his slushee, so I threw it on the floor. Someone else went to go pick it up, and the owner of the spoon said, 'Don't you dare put that thing back in there!' .
In math class I was hanging out with a friend while she was doing her work and she says, 'this is the longest problem ever!' and I said, 'I've seen longer.' .
In the locker room, my locker was jammed stuck. I said to my friend, ' It's stuck again, help me get it out!' .
The other day, me, my dad and his girlfriend went out for dinner. She ordered a burger and when it came out she said, ' This thing is huge. There's no way I'm gonna fit all this in my mouth.' 
I went out to eat with my parents and my brother. we were sitting in a booth and i sat closest to the wall. my brother was on the other side of the table so i said, 'Slide in all the way.' .
I was talking to my friend about beer and told her that nine beers will do me. She replied with 'Three will do me... I had six once and couldn't walk.' .
In Spanish class we were filling out a crossword puzzle and one of the words didn't fit. I asked my friend and she said 'It didn't fit in mine either but I just stuck it in.' .
I'm at my girlfriends house and she made tacos. Her sister picked up a hard taco shell that has sauce on it and it broke and got on her leg and she said 'Sarah get me a wet paper towel, I got it all over my leg and it's dripping' 
My government teacher Mr. Jones said that there would be a quiz today in class, so I said, 'Mr. Jones how will you be giving the quiz to us, passing it out, written on the board?' And he replies, 'Oh, I'm just going to give it to you orally.' .
Me and my friend were having chick-fil-a at school and my other friend said that he could eat the whole chicken in one bite. He failed and said, 'What the hell is wrong with you?! I couldnt get all that meat in my mouth even if i push it in all the way down my throat.' 
One day at school, we had two tests. My friend took them before me so she said, 'Mr. Colby's was really long and hard, but Mr. Morris's was short.' .
Today we were doing a science experiment in class, the experiment was to see which gum can blow the biggest bubble. While my friend was blowing the bubble she said, 'its too soft to blow!' My other partner said, 'Once it gets harder, its easier to blow.' Once my friend succeeded in blowing the bubble, she said aloud 'damn! I'm a good blower!' .
Today, my teacher asked this kid to pull a piece of paper out of a jar and read what it said. The kid told my teacher that he couldn't reach in far enough to get to the paper and my teacher responded, 'Keep trying. It's had a lot of fingers in it before.' .
Me, my girlfriend, and my sister were in the kitchen with my grandmother talking about bananas. My sister said, 'I don't like bananas because they're mushy.' My grandma replied 'I don't like them when they are soft, I like them when they're firm and hard.' .
This kid that sits in front of me in math class was putting led in a mechanical pencil and he said 'I can't get it in there!' .
When i used to visit my grandmother, we liked to talk about anything really. Well this time we were talking about food, the little debbie snacks, more specifically. I said 'My favorite treat is the Ho-Hos. Those ho-hos are fully of yummy white cream.' . Then my grandmother continued to say ' I love the ding-dongs. They are long and feel amazing when they enter your mouth!' .
While in my Accounting class, my teacher was explaining to a student different ways to solve a problem. When the student asked about one of them, my teacher said 'It's not longer, it's just harder' 
Me and my sister where doing the dishes and she was trying to pull a pan out of the dishwasher. She was struggling and making a lot of noise so my dad came over to see what she was doing. When he saw her trying to get the pan out of the dishwasher he said 'Stop jerking it so hard,its gonna break!' .
My girlfriend was putting her contacts in and she yelled at at me, 'It might be a couple of minutes, I can't get it in!' .
So my parents were getting mad at me at a school function because I was here and there and everywhere. They got mad and yelled, 'Do we have to stay on top of you the entire night?' .
So we were in a practice room in orchestra, and the new kid was drinking a juice box. He went to pick up and squeezed so it spilled juice. He then proceeds to say, 'Oh man! I squirted!' .
Me and my friend often exchange insults jokingly to make each other laugh, he told the worst insult ever and i replied, 'That was so bad I'm gonna give you another chance.' .
I was walking into class with my ear bud head phones dangling. I walked into class, and a girl exclaimed 'It's dragging on the floor!' 
Me and a group of friends were at a Mexican food restaurant and when the food arrived one of the girls exclaimed 'There's too much meat in my taco!' .
Today while talking about how I can't grow a beard with my family. My grandmother tried to explain that I probably could by saying 'it'll grow bigger, even if it might look weird at first, just let it grow.' .
My sister and I were in kitchen and she decided she wanted some mineral/sparkling water. I made her laughing and once she could finally stop, she yelled 'omg! that burned my throat.. seriously i couldn't swallow.' .
Me and my friends were at church, waiting for youth group to start. One of my friends fell in a puddle. Another friend said to him 'Why is it every time you come, you get wet?' 
A coworker was pushing a cart through the library, she rammed a table and a shelf and followed up with 'I'm always banging something.' .
I let my girlfriend drive my truck. When she got back I told her good job for not hitting anything, she then said, 'Its longer then I'm used to, but I handled it okay.' .
I was watching a video where this guy went to India and sat on an elephant and said 'you know i really feel like there is something powerful between my legs.' .
I was at my boyfriend's house listening to music and his mini speakers were sitting on his desk. I wanted get them closer to me, so I reached over and gently pulled on the headphone wire when he said 'yeah, just give it a tug and it'll come.' .
Today, I was talking to my friend Sidney about her messenger picture. It was of her and blowing a bubble with bubble gum. I commented on it and she said, 'Yeah, but I've blown bigger ones, just didn't take pictures.' .
My friend was showing me her new purse and said, 'I love it so much! Look, it's pink on the inside!' 
Today at swim practice, I swallowed a mouthful of water because my coach shouted at me 'KEVIN! Stop slapping it like that! Just smoothly slide it in!' .
I was camping with my friend and we went to go fill up a jug with water from the pump. She pumped the water while I held the jug underneath the tap. The jug slipped slightly in my hands causing water spray at me. I said to my friend, 'Ugh, you got it all over me!' To which she responded, 'It's not my fault! You pulled out too fast!' .
My friend and I were in art class the other day and she had to draw several people, most of them guys. She was really frustrated because she has a hard time drawing people and we didn't have that much time left. When she was drawing the last guy, she just couldn't get it right so she suddenly said 'Ugh! His head just won't fit! It's too big!' .
Today, we had to set up laptops in study hall. There was a really long white extension cord in the bottom of the box that my friend pulled out. He them wrapped it around himself and yelled. 'it's a white anaconda!' .
Today, my history teacher was talking about a new computer chair he’d purchased. When one of my classmates asked me how he liked it, he replied, “It’s big enough to satisfy me now.” 
My friend brought a waterbottle on the bus and squirted it on sme girls in the front and they yelled 'You got it all over my face and in my hair, stop spraying all over me.' 
Today in math class, my teacher was giving us our mid winter break packet and said 'its not long. It won't take you a lot of time'
One night a friend came back to my dorm all excited that she had found a potato bug outside. She had caught it in a cup and as she was showing us exclaimed 'I touched it and was all hard!' .
We were playing Life. One of my people fell out of my little car. Since it was so tiny, it was hard to put it back. I said, 'I can't get it back in.' and then my mother said .
A band was looking for a second back up guitarist. When the guy auditioning came, he asked if there was another amp to plug his guitar in. The guitarist said 'It's okay, you can put two in at once.' .
Today in english class, my teacher was giving a description of the new book we're going to read. She said 'it turns me off because it's so thick but it's still pretty good.' .
I was sitting in the living room with my friend and a bee was buzzing around the room. Then my friend covered her mouth and said 'I shouldn't yell or it might come in my mouth.' .
Me and my friend were walking down the hallway this morning, and we were talking about their girlfriend. He was talking about their problems and said 'It's hard to get really deep.' .
Every Wednesday night I have buddies over to watch TV and enjoy a few beers. Well, last night I had to go have my taxes done and I knew this would put me about an hour and a half behind, so I told the boys to wait til 8:30 to come over. Turns out, I got done at 7:45 so I sent a mass text saying 'Go ahead and come' only to get replies saying '.'
Today I was helping my mom roll up the inflatable planetarium after a girl scout program at camp. She was having trouble getting it back in to the bag. She turned to me and said, 'I can't stuff it in there. I need you to help me.' .
My mom, my sister, and me were in the kitchen making smoothies. As my mom was pouring the smoothies, my sister said 'I want the thickest one!' .
I was at school and one of my friends went to sharpen his pencil. He tried to do it and then he said 'It's not working.' My teacher then proceeded to say 'You just need to stick it in there real good.' .
Today in our jazz band rehearsal, my professor asked our bass player, 'Are you using the one or two finger attack?' .
The other day I was talking to my friend about my new tongue piercing, not even noticing, I blurted out 'it's fun to play with, but I don't wanna stretch the hole.' .
Today, in chemistry, my teacher prepared a few experiments to demonstrate the relationship between pressure, volume, and temperature. One of the demonstrations involved a balloon and my teacher asked for a volunteer to inflate it. When the female student who had been selected finished, my teacher said, 'Keep on blowing.' She responded, 'It's full! I can't fit anymore in it.' .
We're in school year 10 and today was the day we got our 6-in-1 vaccine booster for MMR, Tetanus and other infections. I was describing what it felt like to a friend over MSN and came out with 'i felt it penetrate, but once it was in and it released all the liquidy stuff i couldnt feel it. But now it aches like f*ck' 
Today, I was eating a popsicle and there was alot of gooey stuff on it, and I said without even thinking 'Everytime I take it out this stuff gets all over my mouth' 
I was in English class and my teacher told us we were going to read an essay then watch a very short video. My friend then said, 'Awww man, I wish it was longer!' 
I was in gym class when we were playing 'ring hockey.' My teacher was explaining how to use the hockey stick when she said, 'you just need to stick it in and push!' .
A few weeks ago at work (I work in a deli), I had just washed my hands and they were still kind of wet, and customer came to the counter and ordered some meat so I had to put the gloves on. I was having a tough time getting them on, and the customer said to me, 'Wow it's a tight fit to get in there hey?' 
I was in social studies class today and we had to do a presentation about some current events articles. One boy did his about how a man got arrested for trying to shove a brick down a womans throat. My friend yelled out to the class, 'Why would anyone want to shove something that big in someone's mouth?' 
A coworker of mine is always bringing food from these weird Mexican markets to work. The other day she gave me a piece of Mexican hard candy to try. I asked her how to eat it and she said 'I just put the whole thing in my mouth and suck on it.' 
Me and my friend were hanging out and he banged his hand on a door and it made a hole. I then screamed 'YOU DID IT TOO HARD!' then he replied 'Well at least I can fit in now' 
Today, my friend was explaining something that had happened to her last weekend. She ended her story with 'I don't know how it got so big and heavy, but it went in good!' .
One day I was sitting at the bowling alley with a few friends. I was busy talking to my boyfriend, while my friends were talking about some guys muscles. At the moment, I had no idea what they were talking about. All I heard was, 'God, its just so big. And it bulges out there!' .
My friend video-taped a bike trip he took through Yosemite, and one person commented 'That was the least suspenseful thing I ever saw. There was no climax, and I think the whole production lacked energy.' 
we were playing taps with a basketball and me and my friends are really good. So this kid comes out of nowhere and was like. 'Damn that shit is going back and forth so fast i can't even see it.' .
Today in math we were going over out homework when our entire class got stuck on one problem, it happened to be 69. My teacher says, 'Come on guys, 69 isn't even that hard. Someone do 69 infront of the class now.' .
In science today, we were complaining to our teacher how her pencil sharpener is horrible. My friend Rachel exclaims, 'It only takes the skinny ones too, every time I try putting a bigger one in that tiny hole, the entire thing gets jammed!' .
Today my mom was checking the weather on the internet and told there was going to be six inches of snow overnight. My little sister then proceeds to yell 'Holy moly! Six inches?! That's insane!' .
So my friend was telling me how she was waiting for her ride at our local wal-mart and said.. 'I didn't see him coming so I had to switch sides.' .
In woodshop class today, we were painting some bookshelves. The teacher said very loudly, 'You need a wet finish.' .
This girl in my English class was talking about how everyone made fun of her. She was talking in slang so she said 'Everyday I get rode on. First thing in the morning, I wake up and someones riding on me, its not just guys either, girls too. I get rode on long and hard and they just won't stop. I'm just tired of being ridden on while I'm not ready' 
During the afterparty for the college play, my friend said she was getting the early signs of a throat infection. Her words? 'I can feel it in the back of my throat'. .
Me and my friends love to go  hunting. So, one day in Science class, our teacher was telling us about balancing equations. He gave us a couple of problems and after 15 min. he said 'O.K. guys, this is as hard as I can make it.' I started peeing myself and my friend noticed right after. Then we did a problem together, and after we finished he said, 'I know that took a lot of bouncing around, but aren't you glad that we did it together instead of you having to do it alone?' 
Today, i was texting on my phone when my cousin said 'wow, ur fast' i replied ' it's not that hard unless my fingers get stiff' 
My family decided to build a garage on a hill, so there's a giant hole on the site. These stray dogs who shed EVERYWHERE came out of no where and walked around in it. We got outside, and I was holding my daughter when she says 'That hole is so hairy!' I can't help it. 
My girlfriend accompanied me to my friend's house when she decided to join us for a game of Halo. Knowing that she liked the aesthetic value of things, I gave her the choice of two controllers. I asked her, 'Would you like the black one or the white one?' She answered, 'It doesn't matter. I'll suck on both.' 
My boyfriend and I were having an argument over something, and I was really stubborn about my side of it. We were quickly distracted from the argument after he asked, 'Why are you so hard right now?' .
In my drama class, our teacher was having us do an exercise where we throw imaginary balls to each other and keep eye contact. When we weren't doing it right, my teacher stops us and says, 'No! I want to see balls!' .
Today at school, i asked my friend how her weekend was. She said 'it was long and hard and boring' 
Our swim coach was ALWAYS yelling at us for being slow and easy when we come off the blocks. He gave us a lecture the other day in which he said 'you have to go in hard and come out wet and breathless. You'll feel good when you're done.' .
I was telling my mom that I wasn't sure if I could get my ring to come off because it was really small and she said 'That's okay we can just use lotion to get it off'. .
We were in english and my teacher gave everybody skittles if they would be quiet. One girl got some so she starts talking and the teacher says 'just shut up and shove them in!' 
Today I was eating a PhillySwirl ice, and they come with the little wooden sticks. So my mom was like 'It's too hard to eat off of them' and I was said 'You have to suck on it to make it a little bit to make it more slippery.'
One day in Art class we were working with wood. Then my friend got her finger stuck and yelled, 'Get it out! Get it out! It hurts!' .
was drinking a drink through a straw but when I do, I bend it and my mom said, 'You killed your straw.' I said, 'I don't like when too much gets in my mouth at once.'  Then, she said, 'You can control that by sucking.'  I replied, 'But that's a big hole!' 
one day at school in drama class we were improving we had to be furniture in a sports shop and someone had to guess what we were. my friend comes in and says 'I love Dicks!' 
I was trying to take the cap off of my Strawberry Coolatta from Dunkin' Donuts and I was waiting for my dad to come pick my friend and I up. It was really difficult to remove. So I said 'I know that as soon as I take my top off, he's going to come.' 
Today, I was telling my friend about how I won 'Cheesy Prize Thursday' at school, where the teacher pulls your name from a hat and you get to choose a badly-wrapped cheesy prize. I told her 'I was gonna grab the biggest one, but on an impulse I grabbed the small one, and it was the best choice I've ever made.' 
A teacher was explaining how to wash a paintbrush: 'squeeze it hard..massage it...pull it till all the color comes out...yes it can get a little dirty'
While swapping childhood stories with my friend he remarked how much he used to love riding on the carosel then went on to say 'oh i loved it, i could ride that thing all day long' 
During my intramural baseball game, the other team had a baserunner on first base. The 3rd base coach yelled across the field to him, 'keep comming until I say stop.' .
it was raining and i was deciding whether to use an umbrella to get to shelter, decided not to and said 'i'll be wet before i get it up' 
I was watching Super Nanny and in the show the nanny told the father that his way of getting his son's attention was wrong. While gesturing to pull his arm she said, 'You jerk him 'til he comes.' .
My friends and i were doing math homework, and checking our answers from the previous day's assignment. i asked my friend about #70. Her response: :Well, I got to 69, and I got confused, so I stopped.' .
My co-worker was carrying a box of old files past my desk. When she stopped and put the box down on my desk some of the files fell out. So she said 'Oh sorry, that just fell out my box.' .
Today at lunch I was eating a Caesar salad wrap, yesterday I went the dentist and today I was having major toothaches on the right side of my mouth. Forgetting about my teeth I took a bit of the wrap, which was too big for my mouth. I was struggling chewing it, then my friend asked me if I was okay, when I was done chewing I responded ' oh wow that was so huge, but I just had to put it all in my mouth' 
[We have a running joke with my friend that she is somehow possesed by Tupac] In PE class, she announces - 'I have a black man inside of me! All the time!' .
The other day my dad had made spare ribs for dinner, my sister was complaining about how she didn't like them but my dad made her at least try one. She complained by saying, ' I like the taste of them, I just don't like the feel of them in my mouth so I just suck on them.' 
My friends and i went sledding the other day, and after sledding for about thirty minutes i said ' i can't feel my thighs or my ass, but i want to go again!' .
At lunch one day, we were talking about Aladdin and the genie, because the art teacher brought in a small lamp to draw that looked like the genie's lamp, and my friend started pretending to rub on it to get the genie to come out. She was joking about it saying, ''Ooohh, the genie won't come out of the lamp for me!'' to which my friend replied, completely innocently: ''That's because you're doing it wrong; you're supposed to rub it like this..'' .
today was our swimming sport day at school and we were blowing up waterballoons like normal balloons, without water, when my friend was blowing one up she said 'omg these are so hard to blow!', then my othr mate replied, 'I know you end up feeling light headed, its easier if you hold them tighter otherwise they end up going all over the place.' .
My teacher invited a guest speaker to class last week but nobody showed up. Today, he vented his frustrations out to us and told us she'll come back out next week. He firmly said, 'Do you have any idea how long and hard I had to work to get her to come? Let alone, twice!' .
Today, I was trying to roll up an air mattress. My mother came in and told me to 'do it like I did it last night, knees on the floor.' 
I was in my first aid class today and we were practicing rescue breathing. Well a classmate who happens to be a lifeguard said that when she was training they told her that when you're giving rescue breaths 'if their toes didn't curl you didn't do it right' .
My friend and i were in math class and i was having trouble with this lesson. I said 'Man, this is a lot harder then it looks, i can't do it.' My friend turned around and told me 'just keep trying, when i did it first i wasn't good either then i got better.' .
So I was texting a friend and we were daring each other to do things and he dared me to eat hand sanitizer so I said ok then he said'but u have to do it in front of me and put it all in your mouth.' 
This year, at one of my Cross-Country races, it was really dry and dirt and mud were being kicked up everywhere. After the race, we were talking about how we got dirt kicked up on us by the other runners and he said, 'Wait, why is it all over my face and not all over yours?' 
My history teacher was lecturing the class on the alliances in world war 1. A student asked why Britain was a major power even though it was a small country, the teacher replied 'Size doesn't matter, it's how you use it' .
Today in science class, I slipped a personal white board in between 2 desks. My friend goes to take it out and i tell him,'Dont you dare take that out of there!' 
during the summer, i went to get a bubble tea with my friend. it was her first time drinking it, so she didn't know the name of the tapioca. the woman behind the counter forgot to give her a straw, so she went up and asked 'excuse me, how do i suck on these balls?' .
I was at lunch and my friend was thinking of when he should ask this girl out. He was drinking some lemonade and all of a sudden he spilled it over everyone. Then someone said, 'Wow, you got me all wet and sticky.' .
At lunch everyone was looking at me because I eat yogurt weird. When they asked why I ate like that, I said 'I don't like a mouthful, I just like the taste.' .
I was in english and my teacher said to the class 'Can we do this without talki
Today on the bus our bus driver gave us suckers with caramel on them. One 6th grade guy told a 6th Grade girl that he thought you weren't supposed to have caramel with braces. So she tells him 'No, it's ok because i don't bite, I only suck.' .
Today in my global issues class our teacher was asking us why people like Dominoes pizza. Someone mentioned that things taste better when they're quick and easy to get. My teacher responded 'it better taste good, cause it's coming fast.' .
I work in a restaurant. We have a lot of burgers and lots of great food. One day i dropped off a Bacon burger. It was big, So this big girl said while i was still there 'Wow I hope i can fit it in my mouth' 
Today, my teacher was helping a girl hole punch her packet, cause she couldn't get it to punch. My teacher says, 'it gets stuck a lot, so you have to push really hard.' 
my teacher was talking about the final exam. When someone asked if the test was hard and my teacher says 'It's long but not hard' 
My guy friend and I were bringing up the recycling boxes from the end of the driveway. There was a small one and a bigger one. My friend went to reach for the larger one, and I said 'Don't worry, I can totally handle a big one.' .
A few of my friends and I were eating pancakes for breakfast together at one of their houses. I was bored so I cut a huge piece of pancake from my plate and made airplane noises trying to feed it to one of my friends. My friend said 'Don't shove that big thing in my mouth!' .
My mom was talking about having her Iphone in her pocket when she missed one of her calls. When she called them back, she said 'Yeah, it's so big but my opening is so small.' .
My friend wanted to go check the mail downstairs but she had also just ordered food for delivery. She was about to go, but changed her mind and said 'I'll do it later. I don't want him to come while I'm down there.' .
For the past week, my throat has been extremely swollen and it hurts to eat anything let alone drink any kind of beverage. My doctor gave me this medicine that will numb my throat just long enough for me to be able to eat something. As soon as my brother came home with food for me to eat, I took the meds. I then exclaimed with excitement, 'My throat's numb! I'm ready to go!' 
I was drying my hands under one of those electric blow dryer things, and my friend was waiting for me. She was getting impatient and said to me 'Hurry up!' and then I replied ' It's not my fault! I can't make this thing blow any faster!' 
Today after having lunch with a co-worker, she got up to throw away both of our plates. When she got back from the garbage can she said 'We almost had a problem. I didnt think the hole was big enough.' 
I was watching TV and an ad for some small massage sofa that's supposed to be space efficient but provide better massages came on TV and in the closing lines, the slogan said; 'small on size, but big on pleasure' 
For Christmas I received a knit scarf, but had trouble making it look decent on me, and my grandmother says, 'Oh yes, the long, thick ones are hard to maneuver without suffocating.' .
My friend told me that she was having bad luck with caulk when working on her bathroom. She first said, 'It keeps being dried up when I pop open a new one'. Then said, 'Nothing comes out, but it explodes out the back, so I have to get it all over my hands and it's sticky and messy.' .
My and my best friend were in the car and we just happended to be drink 'Monster the energy drink. She had to sit on my lap and a good song came on so i started dancing. 'You can't dance beneath me when there's monster between my legs.' 
My friend and I were walking down the hall and she accidentally shocked me so we started talking about getting shocked and the extremeness of it. Talking about being shocked I said, 'I scream really loud when it's hard.' .
My mom got a frosty at Wendy's the other day. It was taking a while for it to come out of the straw so she says 'Ugh! I keep sucking and sucking and sucking as hard as I can but nothing is coming out!' .
My friend and I were in band and he was explaining me how to play the trumpet. Then he asked me how to play a flute, without thinking I immediately responded 'just blow and finger.' .
My friend asked me how to insert a piece of plastic into a hole, saying ' Its to big to fit in, unless I twist it the right way. Or maybe if it was wet it would slide in better!' 
one day i was at my boyfriends house with a bunch of friends playing pool. He was counting on his partner to make the last shot to win them to game, when his partner didn't hit it hard enough, so it stopped right infront of the side pocket. my boyfriend then replied, 'Awwh, if it was a little bit harder it woulda gone in. .
My mom decided to help me take apart my bed. I was trying to take out a screw and she said ' You have to jerk it off to get it to come out' .
My brother was eating a foot long hotdog and my mom was like 'wow thats a big wiener to be putting in your mouth.' I pulled a  on her, and now I'm grounded for a week. .
My friend and I were going on a camping trip with her family and had to stop at wal*mart to get some extra things. When we were getting ready to go inside he mom added 'We have to make this a quickie, in and out.' 
My friend was chewing on some gum and she was talking about blowing a bubble, absentmindedly she said 'The stiffer it is, the easier it is to blow.' .
My friend was telling a story about writing things in the snow and said, 'I wanted to take a picture but I made it too big.' 
I was at a hotel with my family, but we couldn't get the door to out room to open. So I went up to the man behind the front desk and asked him for a new key. He said we just needed to 'stick it in slowly then pull it out really fast.' 
I was watching Full House and DJ was learning to play the guitar. She couldn't do it and was complaining, 'My fingers are too small, my hands cramp up! It's just too hard!' .
I had just put in load of laundry into the washer when my cousin got home. She said 'I want to do some laundry.' My aunt said 'I think Zach just put a load in' 
I'm a lifeguard and this guy came up and asked for a band aid and I asked what size he wanted and he says 'oh it doesn't matter the longer the better.' 
My girlfriend and I were playing slaps when she says, 'I'm better on bottom.' .
During Science class, this kid was presenting his slide show on the projector. The image was too big for the screen and he said 'oh my god, it's way to big it won't fit.' .
Today, my campers were learning how to cut wood. One camper's axe got stuck, to which a fellow leader said, 'If it gets stuck, don't worry. Just wiggle it a little, and it will come out.' .
We were collecting sticks and stuff to make a fire at camp and my friend had found heaps had distributed it to some of the guys who were looking. Later she said 'If it weren't for me half these guys wouldn't even have wood' 
I was watching a show on the food network. She had just finished pitting together a really delicious looking sandwich. As she was picking it up she said 'I can't wait to put this in my mouth!' 
My friend and I decided to hook up my old N64. Most of you should know that you have to blow in the game to get it to work. After my friend was blowing on it for a few minutes without it working we just assumed it was broken. Then she said, 'Let's play the PS2, at least with disks when it doesn't work 'you don't spend 20 minutes blowing just to be screwed'.' .
Today, I had to get a mold of my teeth because I was going to get braces. The gelatin they put in the mold was really gross and kept overflowing over the plastic, and when I got to school I started explaining to my friends what had happened. I said, 'It was horrible...probably the most disgusting thing I ever put in my mouth! It just kept gushing out.' 
y coworker and I made ourselves some smoothies at work since we were craving them, I had a small taste of hers and wanted her to try mine but she kept saying that she couldn't because she had a cold, so I handed her a straw and said 'just pull it out while you're sucking on it.' .
My friends and I were eating lunch at school and they served chalupas that day they weren't very good at keeping the meat in them. Next, my friend says,'Dammit it fell out.' .
i was in english, and it was snowing really lightly outside. It was so light, that the flakes were being blown about and going up instead of down, so i said 'Hey, it's going up, what the hell?' .
today, in math class, our teacher gave us a worksheet, and told us that we'd need an extra peice of paper to do the work on. Unless you had tiny handwriting like one kid in the class. She then proceeded to say 'You may be able to get it to fit, but it is a really tight space.' .
I was in physics class and the instructor needed a ruler to do a problem so he asked if anyone in the class had one. One student offered a small one from her planner while another student had a regular foot long ruler. The instructor walked over to the student with the regular sized ruler and said 'Oh, I like this one better. Its bigger!' .
I was eating a bag of skittles and I offered some to my co-worker. He said he didn't really like skittles and that he just 'liked to suck on them until they get soft.' 
Today in school, my gym class played volleyball. At the end of the period, we were in the locker room and my friend told me, 'Great job. You were really pounding those balls out there.' .
My friend and I are walking down the street and it starts to pour. Couple of minutes my friend starts to complain about the rain and said 'it's dripping down my leg' .
Today, our band director was yelling at us and says 'from up here it sounds like your sucking start blowing.' .
i was at subway one night with my brother. i order my 12 inch honey oat bread. he places his order, 'I'll have a 12 inch Italian.' 
So I went out for lunch to Harveys with some friends and they both ordered hamburgers. Once they were made we were sitting down eating and my one friend exclaimed, 'OMG it's so big I can hardly get my mouth around it!' my other friend replied by saying, 'It is really big, but I find if you got at it from the side it's a little easier.' .
I was trying to open a beer bottle, but was feeling a bit weak and decided to use a bottle opener, so to explain to a friend I said 'I'm too tired to get that off with my hand.' .
My teacher was telling the class about a presentation we had to make and told us 'You're going to have to go to the front of the room and talk directly to the audience. I want about 2-2.5 minutes of oral' ''
At lunch we were all eating and a friend suddenly says; “I just got my braces tightened so I can’t have anything hard” 
I was on the yellow school bus and a kid tore open the seat and threw the stuff at another kid and he said 'Stop putting that white stuff all over my face' 
One day I was in a parking garage with my sister attempting to find a parking spot. I thought a car was going to back out but after waiting a while they didn't. I then said, 'Fine, don't pull out, see if I care!' 
Today in my science class when my teacher was trying to adjust an overhead video projector when she said 'It's just so hard being on my knees doing it!' 
In my first game of Axis &amp; Allies, I was places my pieces incorrectly. My friend began to explain to me the correct way, when his dad interrupted, 'It's okay, I'll let you put it in anywhere you want the first time.' .
At lunch today, we were all just sitting down and relaxing after a really long line to get food. When the the teacher called for the lunch monitors, my friend was trying to finish her applesauce. I told her to just drink it down, like her milk or something. She was taking really small gulps, so I said 'Hurry up and put more in your mouth. You'll never finish in time at that rate.' .
Me and my friend were sitting for lunch and she had her iPod in her pocket and one of her earphones was sticking out and I decided it would be fun to flick it around, she gets irritated and stuffs it back in her pocket and I say; 'Oh c'mon, take it out again and let me play with it!' 
The other day, my friends were talking about television sizes. One of them stated that '32 inches is too big for the bedroom.' 
I was in science class watching a science lab safety video. The video was telling us the proper way to put a glass rod into a rubber stopper. It said to 'lubricate the rod before putting it into the hole.' 
A friend at my school ate a super sour sweet her boyfriend gave her. I said 'That sounds painful,' and she said 'Well, it's not so bad once you get in your mouth.' .
I work at a restaurant as a dishwasher. At the end of the night I was washing dishes with a big hose-like faucet. This girl who decided we were going to work together came over and said 'how about I rub and you squirt?' 
Today we were learning probability in my math class. Discussing the probability of flipping a coin my teacher said 'what are my chances of getting head 3 times?' 
I was talking to one of my friends and half way through the conversation another friend blurted in. The first friend got angry and yelled, 'Oh my God, if you're going to come halfway in then just stay out!' 
Today in art class, my teacher was talking to a student about how to make watercolor affects with a paintbrush. Before he gave her a paintbrush to use, he said, 'Just be careful not to splatter everywhere because this one is small and hard to aim. .
Today, while hanging out at my friends house, I was using her laptop. I tried to put in the power cord, but it wouldn't fit and I kept saying 'Why won't it go in the hole??' Then when I finally got it in, it fell out so I yelled 'OH NO! It was finally in and it slipped out, where is it, where is it?' My friend, sitting beside me, said 'It's right here between your legs!' 
My pa was trying to get the last bit of tooth paste out of the tube when he said 'I've been playing with it for a while but all I could get was a little squirt.' .
We where practicing a song for an upcoming performance in choir and were singing pretty well. Even our director thought so and said, 'Wow that was pretty good, but i bet you can't do it twice in a row.' .
I was eating lunch with my friend one day. She had a cold and was talking about how her nose was all stuffed up. Referring to that, she said 'This morning I blew it so hard I thought I was going to throw up.' .
We were in physics class about to do a lab with a shock ball. One of the girls asked, 'Is it gonna hurt?' and our male teacher replied with, 'It's big enough you can feel it.' .
I was talking to a teacher friend of mine about this two day training she had to attend. she was telling me how tired she was and i told her she was lame. then she said 'come one man, two straight days will wear a girl out!!' .
I play softball on a couple co-ed teams, well I was needed at cactcher which I never played before. I got hit in the face, then again, and again. By the end of the double header I had took a beating. In the dugout my husband said 'Wow baby, you sure were a trooper taking all those balls to the face' .
My math teacher was telling us that when he lived in Egypt, they would just pick up a pen from the floor and say it belonged to a Pharaoh. Then he said, “I have a lamp that's supposed to have a genie in it.” “I keep rubbing it but nothing ever comes out.” 
As my mom pulled out of a Dunkin Doughnuts drive-through, she handed me a dollar from the change she'd got to put back in her tiny wallet. When the dollar refused to go in, I said, 'Moooom, it won't fit!'. She replied, 'Just shove it in, honey, it'll be okay'. 
I had just brushed my teeth and flossed, so I came out and told my roommate: 'Yea it's been awhile since I've done it, so I bled a lot, but now it feels great!' 
My wife was talking about those thick fruit smoothie drinks and how sometimes the straws get clogged: 'You suck and suck and suddenly you get a load in the back of your throat'. .
I was just drawing Bob Dylan, and after sketching it out and beginning to shade in the hand. I held it out and just said aloud 'This is way too small, it just doesn't feel right.' .
Today in history class, our teacher was discussing the stock market and how to buy and sell stocks. My friend then proceeded to inquire about selling stocks by asking, 'So how do you know when to pull out?' .
Today, at lunch, they were serving meatball subs. My friend was eating his when he started whining because we were running out of time: 'I can't fit it in my mouth! The cream keeps coming out and getting all over my hands!' .
It has been snowing nonstop since last night and this morning I opened the door in my kitchen to look at the snow and said to my mom 'Jeez, how many inches is that?' .
Today, I was in Woodshop and we were building shelves for a project we were making, when someone from across the room said, 'Damn, this is a tight fit.' .
I was with my friends and we made a mess because we opened a koolaid container. My friend says 'UGH! When u screw it the stuff comes out!' .
At a friends house gathered around a fire pit, a friend carried wood over to the fire, dropped the wood on the ground then said, 'Aww man, now i've got a huge stain on my shirt from a big old piece of wood.' .
I overheard two co-workers in the break room. One was having trouble with the vending machine, but finally got her snack out. The other said, 'I was waiting for you to stick your hand up in there' !
I was taking a comparative religion class. We were studying Judaism and we were reading a passage from a Jewish book and it said ' your rod and shaft comfort me in great pleasure' .
While at Subways, I asked my friend what size she was going to order. She replied back with 'I can only eat a six inch'. .
Today, I was talking to my boyfriend about how we've been going out for a while (almost 11 months) and I said, 'But it doesn't feel that long.' .
Today at work we were working on a huge computer code. My buddy looked at me after getting confused yet again and leaned back and said, 'I'm going to just close my eyes, lean back, and wait for you to finish.' 
Today, my friend was eating a hot dog without the bun. When I asked her why, she said 'i like to eat it plain because its long and juicy once you lick it enough.' 
My friends and I were in a parking lot where a car was backing out. The driver backed out pretty far out of the space and one of my friends asked, 'Does he really need to back up that far to pull out?' 
We were having a bagel party in school one day and my friend and I were putting cream cheese on our bagels. My friend had the knife and when she was done she stabbed it into the middle container. I tried to pull it out with one hand but it was stuck so I used both hands to get the knife out. When I did my friend said 'Wow that took a lot longer than it should have.' and I said back 'Well you stuck it in there and I couldn't get it out.' 
Today, I went to a restaurant with my friends. We all ordered shakes except one of my friends. He looked really depressed, so I tried giving him some of my whip cream. Since he wouldn't take it, I began to spread it all over his face. One moment later, I screamed at him, 'If you don't open your mouth, it WILL go other places!' 
Today in gym class we had basketball and my teacher said ' go play with those balls , in the mean time i will blow all these balls and try to make them hard.' .
My friend and I were at the local 7/11 and I was picking out candy bars. I grabbed the king size bar and told her 'I like the bigger ones cuz they last longer' 
Ok well my girlfriend was videochatting me when she started looking for something, and then she said... 'Hold on this will be amazing, if I can find it.' .
A policewoman handcuffed me, thinking I was a criminal. 'Let go of me!' I shouted. She told me, 'The more you wiggle, the tighter it gets.' .
My dad and I were driving to Home Depot today when he randomly says, 'remind me that I need a 12 inch piece of wood.' .
The other day at the lunch table, I was talking to my friend Chad. Then he started coughing. I asked him if he was alright and he said, 'Oh yeah I'm fine. I just had something stuck in my throat' .
Today, my friend and I were playing with a hula hoop and she was walking around inside it. She waved me over and said 'get inside, you can fit!'. 
I was sitting in school today and and in science we watched a video and one of the verses was 'Try hard, Do your best it's only a test of how well you can do. If you need help measuring get some help. You want to be good when your doing it.' .
In my chemistry exam we had to explain the principle workings of a straw. After the test I told my friend about the question, she replied: 'That's easy! You suck on it, the stuff comes into your mouth, and then you swallow.' .
I was explaining to my friend, about my new iPod. I told her, 'I just kept shaking it, and shaking it,and I even pulled, but it just wouldn't shuffle.', She then responded with 'Use two hands, and put all your strength into it'. 
During Science class, we were testing our lung capacities and we had to blow inside a tube. A student started sucking the air out and my teacher said: 'You don't SUCK it, you BLOW it.' .
In my band class my teacher was telling us how one of our notes should be played. He said, ' it needs to be long and fat.' .
my concert band conductor was talking to the drum section of the band right before our concert. he gave my friend a thing of jingle bells that were weakly attached and said 'Now don't jerk it too much or it'll fall off.' 
I was a 3rd grade girls counselor this summer and one day I heard some campers talking about a caterpillar, saying 'Oh my god it's so big! And furry!' .
I was hanging out with my sister and her boyfriend and we got hungry, so we made a frozen pizza, my sister started laying down and after the oven was preheated she said 'Stick it in, then take it out in 20 minutes.' 
Me and my girlfriend were fighting. In the middle of the argument, she said, 'I can't take it. It's too big.' 
I was in my Earth Science Class, and none of us wanted to do our lab. We all just kept talking. My teacher finally snapped and said 'Stop talking and put some effort into it!' .
A couple weeks ago, my little brother got a Coney from Sonic. He opened it, took a look at it and said, 'Wow this is big, i don't know if i can fit this in my mouth.' .
I was watching the Bears and Vikings Monday Night Football game and the announcers were talking about how the cold causes fumbles and one of them said: 'We were grabbing some balls and they kept slipping out of our hands' 
I was at Taco Bell with my friend. As he was eating a burrito, he said 'Oh my god! I love the taste of this!' 
One day I was helping my sisters boyfriend move a mattress out of my house and it was really big so we couldn't get it out of the stairwell, so he says 'It's too big we have to move it around to get it out.' 
I was coming out of a grocery store when I overheard two older women talking about the snow: 'Now I can handle 3 inches or so, but 6 is just too much to handle.' 
It was in a cross country meet and i was almost at the finish line. As i was approaching the finish line my coach yelled 'Dig deeper! Finish hard!'. 
My brother was knocking off the snow on the hood of his car. He looked like he was having a hard time because the 40 MPH wind gusts were going right into him. I asked him if he was doing alright. He said, ' I'm having fun getting it off, but it keeps going back in my face'. 
We were playing softball ther other day and one kid struck out. Somebody else was giving him a hard time so he said, 'it was too soft. I couldn't do anything with it.' 
okay the other day I was learning a new dance. after I finished it the first time my mom asked if it was difficult. I replied 'It's not that hard just really long.' .
i was at my friends house the other day and i had brought my ps2 so that we could play guitar hero. i was hooking it up to his tv and i was messing with the av cables when suddenly the tv went to static and he said to me 'stop it, youre doing it wrong, pull it out. 
During basketball practice me and my friend Sara went to get a drink from the water fountain. She holds down the button down and the water is coming out in three streams and she says which one do I choose?! And I go 'just put all three in your mouth!' then after she was done, I hit the button too hard and I get it everywhere and I go 'great, there were so much of it, I got it all over my face!' .
I was showing my friend a picture of an Irish Greyhound because she was interested in dogs and she goes 'Too big, I could ride that thing like a horse.' .
At lunch, we're supposed to walk in one door to get our food, and out the other door. Well, every day, my one friend walks in the out door to get his food. This makes me angry, because I always follow the rules. One day, I told him this, saying, 'You went in the out door! Not allowed!' .
Today, at orchestra rehearsal, the conductor told the horns to 'just relax and blow.' When we started playing again, he stopped and told the drummers, 'Is that the hardest stick you've got?' .
During math class, one of my friends asked the teacher, 'Can you do 69 for me?' The teacher replied, 'That's very good, I'm so glad you asked. Let's do 69!' .
One of my friend's cousin was talking to her the other day about a water bottle. Her cousin said 'I took it out of my mouth and it sprayed all over me' 
Today, my friend and I were high-fiving and i said that the high five hurt. My friend responded with 'Yeah but I like it when it hurts' .
This morning I was mad at my toaster and promptly shouted, 'When are you going to pop up?' .
While walking with friends, we saw a large dog with its owner. The dog was dragging the person across the sidewalk. One of my friends says, 'Wow that's a really big dog.' My other friend then says, 'I guess so, but I've seen bigger.' .
I was in gym class playing 3 on 3 basketball and I shot and the person next to me said, 'Take it out before you shoot it!' .
One day in class, my friend was talking about the donuts that the drama instructor gave us. While talking about the one she got, she said 'it was so much bigger than I expected!' .
I was baking with my roommate. I was stirring the dough to keep it from firming while he heated the oven. I asked him 'is the oven ready yet?' to which he replied 'Just keep on beating it. You're not putting it in anytime soon.' .
About a week ago, I was in my seminar class, and we were doing an assignment in which we had to work in pairs. My professor proceeded to say ' It looks like we have an uneven amount of people, some of us will have to form a threesome.' .
We were in geometry class and my teacher said we could do a problem this way or that way and a student asked 'Does it matter which process we use?' and my teacher replies 'No I take it either way as long as it get's the job done.' .
I was in gardening club. There were some wilted veggies, and I was the only person my age there. Everyone else was younger. One of the younger kids said, 'What happens if they don't grow?' The gardening club teacher shrugged. 'Just put it in and hope for the best.' .
One day my friend was eating a huge apple. She cried out in excitement, 'Holy sh*t! It's so large and tender! I can barely fit my hands around it!!' .
My mom was describing a stress ball to me she has at work. She said, 'It's so fun to squeeze, and hold, and play with. And! It smells good! I never thought I would find such perfection!' .
At rowing training, when we had finished it was the boy's turn. While watching their start, my friend yelled out 'Oh that was a great entry boys.' 
Today the tech guy of a performance I am in tonight had everyone come to the auditorium to check the sound level of the microphones we are using. I was impatient because I needed to study for an exam, and I said, 'Do I have to be here long?' The tech person replied by saying, 'Don't worry, it'll be quick and painless. I can do you right now, actually.' .
We were in a project meeting with some people in the room and some dialed in via conference lines. We were talking about some of the challenges for this particular project. One of the people on the phone said 'Well, we're not going to just shove something in, jerk it around, and then pull it out again'. 
My friends and I were eating lunch at school the other day and one of my frieds was putting lipgloss on. 'This stick is too long to aim at my lips.' 
A friend and I were discussing a new pool water polo game he had bought from the shops because just swimming was getting a bit boring. I asked if it was two players or whether we needed more. He replied with 'it would be better with more people but one-on-one could still be fun'. 
My roommate was trying to help me set up for our progressive dinner by putting a knife out for the cheese ball. She asked me, 'Does it matter where I stick this?' TWHS To which I didn&acute;t have time to stop myself from answering 'You can stick it where ever you want!' .
The other day I was in the drive-thru at work when this truck pulls up with a long trailer hooked on the back. All that was on the trailer was a mini fridge. When he drove off, I turned to my manager and sarcastically exclaimed, 'That guy had a huge load.' 
My friends were meeting at a party, one was on the highway about to approach the exit. My friend said, 'Let me know when you're getting off because I want to come at the same time.' .
I was in chemistry class and I was getting pretty hungry, so i asked my teacher, 'There's only 5 minutes left until lunch, can we go to lunch?' He said, 'You'd be amazed by what i can get done in 5 minutes' .
Today at lunch my friend was pulling an imaginary trigger and saying 'It won't come out!' over and over. 
I was at lunch with friends, and one of my coworkers stated, 'You know, you can't fit an entire orange in your mouth.' After pausing, he added, 'You think your mouth's big enough, but it's not.' .
Me and my friend were walking home from school, and he takes a metal rod out of his pocket and says,'This thing has been poking me all day.' .
My friend was trying to get another friend to come to his improv teams game. She asked him if it was his first time playing. He said, 'Well, if it will get you to come, sure it's my first time.' .
The other day, I was sitting around the dinner table with my entire family. My mum turns to my 8 year old cousin who is learning the trombone and asks, 'Is it hard to blow?' .
In orchestra, sometimes we write in numbers over notes to remind ourselves of which finger to use on the violin for each note. The best violinist in our class sometimes helped us determine which fingers to use. Our orchestra teacher wisely said 'if any of you need a good fingering, John would be happy to help.' .
My roommate and I had just parked my car at the mall and were walking up the aisle. When we reached the 1st spot, an elderly man backed his car out and my roommate said, 'Damnit, old man! I wish you'd pulled out 2 minutes sooner!' .
I had taken a stick of butter from the fridge and left it out. My mom saw it was starting to melt and she said, 'put it back in so it can get hard again.' .
It was getting late and my girlfriend and I were planning on watching a movie. Neither of us wanting to get up and get the movie and start the movie, my girlfriend suggested 'I will turn it all on, you put it in, and ill do all the work' .
During a group project at school, one group decided to do a three-person fist bump during some free time. While two people had already bumped fists, one group member looks at the other and says, 'Come on, put your fist in.' .
I was in my english class today and my teacher has a pen machine where you can buy pens. i was reading the directions and it said 'Push in and pull out slowly' .
Today, i was playing man hunt with some of my friends. I hid in my neighbors bush in her lawn. She was upset and yelled outside 'Get out of my bush you little bastard, i just trimmed' 
My in-laws were out of town and they asked up to watch their house in order to take care of their plants. When they returned for the first time we had lunch prepared for them at their place. As we sat down at the dining-room table, they walked into the kitchen. The next thing we heard was 'Wow, it shriveled up quickly.' 
My co-worker and I were attempting to fill a salad bar with ice when we realized that there was a leak. My co-worker knelt down to inspect it and said, 'It's a pretty big hole...I put my finger in it.' After a couple seconds, she exclaimed, 'Wow...that's wet!' 
Today, in Chemistry, we were building models of atoms out of springs and balls. I took one of the springs out of the box, but it was very long and stretched out. The teacher came over to me and said 'Woah, yours is a long one!'
So I was at my friends place and his annoying brother kept running in and out of the house. His mother finally told him to stay out. then she said 'Boy, the next time you come inside, you better have a good reason.' .
Today, in Latin class, we had a test. My teacher took out the test and said 'Wow, it's so short its embarrassing!' .
Me and a few of my friends were talking about sports we liked today. After five minutes of discussing, one of my friends simply said, 'I love anything with balls.' .
We were playing football in gym class. My friend and I were passing back and forth. My friend goes 'My hands hurt, its cold and these balls are too hard.' .
Today my date lost her train of thought mid sentence, like I often do. I told her that was my quirk. She responded, 'I know. You're not supposed to rub off on me.' .
One day, we were at a retreat and we had these huge sweet tarts. I said, 'Gosh I'm so tired of waiting on this im just gunna shove it all in my mouth to get it over with!' .
Today I was watching my friend text. I said 'wow' you're going really slow.' She replied with 'that's because I'm doing it with one hand.' .
A friend of mine was making a girl laugh in my art class, and she was drinking some water while my friend was trying so hard to make her laugh out loud, so eventually he made her laugh so hard, she nearly spat out the mouthful of water, she swallowed the water and said, trying to catch her breath 'Oh, my god Nick, you just about made me spit that out, like, EVERYWHERE.' 
A friend was feeling sick after school and took cold medicine. She looked drowsy. I asked her, 'you look exhausted how many of those did you take?' 
So during math we had to measure a certain distance with our fingers because we had no rulers. My friend raised my hand and asked the teacher, 'Wait how many fingers do I use for this?' (). My teacher replied, 'Well I normally use three, but whatever you want.' 
I was in Spanish with one of my friends, and we got really bored so we broke his pen and started blowing ink bubbles. I said 'I'm not good at this, it's too hard to blow.' Without realizing, he said 'Just try, i wasn't good at first either. .
I was out with a bunch of friends and we were enjoy some wings. My friend and I decided to order the hottest wings available. One of the girls with us decided to try one of the wings. After taking one bite, she started panting and said, 'Omg, it's soo hot. It's all over my mouth and down my throat!' 
Today me and a friend were eating oreos. We love oreos and then my friend was like 'Oh yeah, Oh yeah, i LOVE the white stuff, its so delicious!' 
I was in math and this girl came in with something on her shirt so my teacher asked 'What is on your shirt?' And she replied 'My boyfriend squirted something on me.' 
My rowing coach constantly gets made at us for slouching in the boat, which causes problems. All throughout practice we can hear him shouting, 'You need to be long and hard or else if wont go in right and you wont be able to pull out right' 
On a recent cruise from India to South Africa, we had a refueling stop at an island in the Indian Ocean. We seemed to be docking for quite a while, when the captain came over the PA system to explain the delay: 'We can't fill 'er up because our hose isn't long enough.' .
So my girlfriends' bro was cleaning the other day and their mom said 'Are you done in that hole? '.
In English class, a girl volunteered to read her story out loud. She started, 'It was hard. And something I'd never done before.' .
Today on the bus ride home from school, my friends who are in a relationship were on their normal seat. It had a huge hole in the seat. She said Nathan 'Can you fit your whole fist in there?!' 
We were watching the forecast and I was in a different room so, without a beat my sister said 'Getting pounded by a swift and smooth approximate 10'. 75% definite whiteout conditions. There'll be a huge amount of white semi-liquid substance everywhere once the activity has finished near midnight. Maybe even missing work tomorrow from getting hit so hard.' .
Today i was helping my friend get into her bathing suit because it was super tight. She said 'Its too tight i cant get in.' . To which i replied 'No its small, i can get it in' TWHS
I was giving my husband a back massage because he had a strained muscle. I was asking him where to focus on and he said, 'You're in the right spot, just try to get in there deep.' .
Today, my family and I went to go pick out our Christmas tree. I picked one up and showed it to my brother who said, 'This one's nice and thick.' .
One time in study hall, there was some kids sitting next to me that kept talking. The teacher yelled at us, and I said that we weren't even doing anything. He replied by saying 'Then be quiet, and either spread out, or I'll spread you out myself.' .
My Friend and I were in class and he had a lot of stuff in his pencil case. He tried to put a pencil in. He said, 'Why won't it go in? It's so small!' 
On Saturday my friend had sex with her boyfriend for the first time. Afterwards she told us and we were talking about it for a while. Later she was saying that she valued all the time that she spent with him, saying: 'like he only came round for an hour and a half today but he still came'. 
Today we were in gym class. We were in the locker rooms and my best friend (who's locker is next to mine) is trying to put on her shoe. She got upset because her foot couldn't get into the shoe. After about a minutes she screams (really loud) 'It won't go in! Either it's too big or the hole is too small!' .
My friend Ben was on his iphone and his text setting was too small. I squinted down at the screen and said, 'Do that thing with your fingers, it needs to be a little larger.' .
One day in one of my classes, we couldn't get the VCR to work so finally after getting it to work, my teacher said 'There we go. It took us three tries, but we got it up and going.' 
My guy friends come over one day and we were getting ready to go somewhere. We were planning on going to our favourite cafe' by cab. So my mom comes to my room and she says 'Guys are you sure that you wanna go like that, I'm free, I have nothing better to do and if you want I can give each of you a ride if you guys want, especially you michael, you're my favourite.' .
in english class, a friend was responding to every statement i made by saying 'thats what she said.' i kept telling him to stop, and when i finally said it with conviction, he looked up at me and said 'You know that i'm just going to keep doing this all day, right?' .
Today, in science we were using eggs for an experiment. We were done with it so I made a little whole in it. It was coming out. So I shouted quite loudly, 'It's coming out little by little. Coming out squirt by squirt.' 
A few weeks ago, my sister was rushing to work but found a hole in the crotch of her pants. I was casually looking at my iPod reading things aloud as she hurriedly stitched up the hole. I laughed and said, 'Haha don't bend over, or you'll be screwed!' .
My mom and her boyfriend were talking about twizzlers. All i hear is 'I like to put the whole thing in my mouth at once' and then 'yea that's how i like it.' 
I was counting a handful of coins one day, when my friend playfully hit the bottom of my hand, but thankfully I managed to clench my hand in time to stop them going all over the floor. He said to me 'If I did that harder it would have gone everywhere!' 
I was working at a snackbar over the summer and my friend accidently spilled the syrup from her snowcone all over the counter. My other friend started to clean up the gross sugary syrup with a plain tissue. After seeing her having some trouble cleaning it up I yelled 'You have to get it wet or else it will get sticky!'
So my college has a pool hall and I people go there to hang out. One this hot shot comes in with his own cue stick that wasn't exactly the same size as the sticks on the racks. After losing to this guy a buddy of mine checks out his stick and says, 'Wow, it's really short but it seems like you get so much power into in.' 
I was at someone's apartment party and there was leftover french bread on the table. It was incredibly stale. My friend was so hungry that she helped herself. After a few minutes of gnawing she turned to me and said, 'This is so hard, but I'm so hungry, I'd put anything in my mouth.' .
I announced to the class that I needed a huge book to read. My classmate shoved a book in my face. I proceeded to tell her, ' It's not big enough. ' . But she argued back with ' Really ? It's the biggest one I saw in my whole life ! ' .
I was at a pool party and there was a slide going into the pool. Someone in the pool told the girl at the top to slide down. The girl then replied, 'well I would need to wet it down before I slide down it.' .
Today, I was making sugar cookies with my little sister and I told her to put the cookies on the colling rack to harden. She exclaims 'OMG they are already hard, I just want to put it in my mouth right now!' .
I was in my film class today, and my teacher was having us write down the diferent types of fantasy in the genre. I asked how many we had left to do, and my teacher replied, 'There is one more to do, but it is really short.' 
Today, I was teaching a couple of my friends how to make oragami tulips. when we got to the last step -- inflating the tulip, my friends had no trouble, but since mine was smaller, it was more difficult. They were laughing at me, to which I unthinkingly responded 'Yeah, well, they're easier to blow when they're big.' 
We were using laptops in my 2nd period class one day. I went to go plug it up and put it in its cubby. Well, I had computer 7 and I grabbed the cord and I couldn't find the place to put the cord into the computer to charge it, and I screamed 'I can't find the hole!' 
I was opening a bottle of champagne, and my mom said to look out because 'it might pop in your hand.' .
My coworkers and I went to get gelato after lunch. They provided us with tiny tasting spoons. Rather than replacing them with normal spoons to eat with, we continued using the tiny spoons. One of my coworkers explained to the other, 'The little ones make it last longer.' .
During lunch, my friend wanted some water from someone else's water bottle, but didn't want to drink from it, so he said, 'just squirt it in my mouth, but make sure you aim, I don't want it to get all over my face.' 
Today in metals shop I was working on the lathe with my partner, we were drilling a hole when he said 'shove it in deeper we don't want it slipping out' 
Today, I was watching a dinosaur movie in Biology and the woman that was narrating the movie, said 'It won't go deeper because it's so big' .
In class today, we were giving presentations on certain topics we had been researching. The period was almost over, but there was one person left. One of my classmates said that they (the other person) would probably have to go tomorrow, but someone else said, 'Nah, I think he can squeeze it in.' .
One day, I took my twelve-year-old brother to get a snowcone from the local snowcone stand. As we were eating them, I noticed him shoving his straw in and out of the cup. I asked him what he was doing to which he replied, 'I'm trying to angle it just right so I get more juices.' .
Last summer, as I was walking out of my church's youth building with another girl, I asked if I could have a sip of her drink. She said, 'You can try! I've been sucking on this thing for ten minutes and haven't gotten anything.' .
Today, Tyler Florence on Food Network said, 'it's easier to use your hand... it's faster'. .
Today in class the teacher couldn't find the tv remote, she asked if somebody would get it but nobody replied so she said 'Right i'll go down on this one' 
I was in class when my friend pulled out his iPhone, in a black rubber case. Another friend sitting next to him snatched it up, saying 'Why do you have to put this one here? I think they look so much better without the rubber!' 
I was eating lunch with a few friends, they decided to order one large drink and just share it between them with two straws. As one of them was taking a drink, they lifted the straw out of the cup while still sucking on it. The other screamed, 'Don't pull it out yet! You're not finished!' 
I was taunting my guy friend by withholding a Victoria's Secret catalog that he wanted. After a few seconds of trying to grab it away from me, he yelled, 'I'll scream if you don't give it to me!' .
I was at my friends house and he showed me his phone. I asked why it vibrated so low. He said 'It feels soft, yours is so hard.' .
Today in the newspaper comics there was a 'Get Fuzzy' cartoon where the dog wanted to eat something that the cat had. The cat kept telling him it wasn't edible, while he kept saying that he didn't care because dogs will eat just about anything. Finally the cat insists it was never edible, and, after a pause the dog says: 'Who am I kidding, if it fits in my mouth I'll give it a go.' .
I was in the biology class room and we were leaving, so we had to put our stools away in the large slots in the long desks stretching across most of the room. Me and my friend were putting ours away and decided to try and fit 3 in one slot (there are only supposed to be 2 in each slot). We were pushing it in and my friend said 'Houston, we have a problem. It's too big.' 
I was eating Thanksgiving Dinner in Arizona with my grandma and grandpa. My sister was complaining about wanting to be an author and writing stories. She said 'It is so hard, and impossible to make it very long.' My grandma said ever so supportingly 'don't think of it as hard, think of it as a fun experience.' .
I was at this girls house I was dating and she was telling me about how she had to get her upper GI looked at by the radiologist and she had to drink liquid barium to do that. I asked 'what was it like'? She says, ' Well, it was kind of thick and creamy and it was hard to swallow down...it kept getting stuck in my throat.' 
Yesterday, me and several other friends were at someone's house hanging out. Someone was making fun of my contact lens so i was just about to take them out to show everybody when my friend says 'no its ok, you don't need to pull it out.' .
Today, I was reading a 'Wayside School' to my little sister when one of the characters decided to pull a girls pig-tail. He said, 'I want to wrap my fist around it, feel the hair between my fingers and just yank!' .
My friend was looking at a picture of her and a guy friend. They were coming back from a theme-park and I said they looked really soaked and sweaty because they were just in the water park. She said 'Don't make fun of me, he just got me so wet on that last ride.' .
Once my friend and i were going to listen to music. Her headphones were supposed to go in my ear but the were larger than normal. To explain my dilemma I said:'The hole is too small, it wont fit.' .
My friend was taking clothes out of the dryer and putting newly washed clothes into it. He then said, 'Damn I forgot to put the laundry detergent in.' His wife replies, 'Josh you could be on your second load if you would have done it right the first time.' .
My friend texted me to ask if I finished reading our reading assignment. I innocently replied, 'Yeah, Pedro and I did it last night, but I'm not sure if it counted because he fell asleep half way through. I just kept going though, because I needed to get it done.' .
I was reading my social studies essay outloud to my class. I got to my second paragraph which read, 'The Trojans were stronger and safer than ever.' .
Soo I had just finished my cross country race and was eating a cookie. I had to run a cool down with 3 other girls but had already started eating the cookie. I start running and say, 'oh my God, slow down this is just too hard.' one girl replies . I say 'you dont understand its really hard and I keep missing my mouth! it just wont go in while im moving!'
My dad, mom, and I were in the car and my parents were commenting on how the sun visor doesn't stay up anymore. 'Just push it back up' 'But it keeps coming back down' 'Sometimes you have to hit it a few times to make it stay up. But once its up it stays there.' 
I was at a party last night when the topic of cheap alcohol came up. Someone mentioned Goon and having gotten really sick on it a couple of months back, I said: 'Ewww... Anything that comes out of a sack tastes terrible!' .
When I order a taco at Taco Bell, I always scoop the beef out. When first asked why, my immediate response was, 'Well, I don't like the meat, but I like the flavor of the sauce.' .
My friend Andy thought he had a cavity so he opened his mouth and tried to show me. He asked what it looked like and I said 'Well, it's big and black...' .
My boyfriend and I were walking up the bleachers at our high school's football game. He jokingly tried to trip me and becasue it was raining, it was slippery. As we sat down I said 'If it wasn't wet, it wouldn't have worked!' .
My friend had just gotten one of those ping pong tables where you can fold half of it up and practice. He then told me in a chat, 'I'm gonna go to the basement now and play with myself. Cya' 
I was turning my desk in English and in the process, hit my friend in the butt with it. She then proceeds to scream 'Ow don't stick that up my butt, that hurts!' .
We were reading a play in english class and our teacher was trying to get us to pick roles to read. Only the lead characters remained when she announced, 'Okay, I need two large male parts!' 
Today I was untying my friend's shoe laces. She was telling me to stop and then exclaimed 'aww, its all loose now!' 
I was watching mythbusters and they were trying to make a crossbow out of newspaper, underwear elastic, and a plastic food tray. Then they were gonna shoot it into ballistics gel. Adam said, 'I would be happy with 2 inches of penetration.' . Then Jamie said, 'I wouldn't.' .
At lunch my friend squeezed her juice box too hard, going 'I felt it squirt all over my face.' .
My boyfriend put food in the microwave for 5 seconds and then took it out, i said 'you can't expect to just put it in, take it out, and it to be finished'. 
We were all standing around the table getting ready to say Grace when my brother in law said to my husband 'Do you like salty nuts? Ive got plenty here in my hand'. .
My aunt was making gravy for thanksgiving, and she said to my grandma 'Let's wait until it gets thick before we put it in something.' .
My grandma gave my aunt an early Christmas present. She unwraps a beautiful scarf and exclaims 'I like the long, skinny ones. Those are very in.' .
My friend and I were removing the front fender from a car when he began struggling to undo a bolt. I was yelling at him to push harder! He then replied 'I can't it's too tight!' .
Today, in Band rehearsal, our conductor was explaining something to us while I was quietly playing my clarinet. This guy next to me said 'stop blowing on it!' to which I replied 'I'm not blowing anymore! I'm fingering!' .
My friends and I were at the movies last night. My friend had a white cherry Icee. She randomly said 'I keep sucking but nothing will come out!' .
ok so about a week ago me and my friend were in art class and we were drawing with with this weird pastel type thing and whenever you drew with it it would leave little pastel turds on the paper and we had to blow them off so they wouldnt smear all over the paper. and then my friend said 'wow im getting really lightheaded from all this blowing!' 
This morning I got a pop-up from my antivirus software that asked me if I wanted to renew it. I clicked no, and then I got a second pop-up that asked me 'Are you sure you want to continue unprotected?' .
Today, I was at the doctor's visiting my brother. I was about to walk into his office when I hear shouting from inside. I listened closer, and my brother was saying 'It's too big! It won't come out!' 
Me and a friend at work were talking about another guy at work. We were talking about how we can't stand anything that he talks about. I was saying I always have to fake enthusiasm with him, to which my coworker replied, 'Yeah, I always have to fake it with him too.' 
My mom was examining some turkeys at the supermarket. After looking at one, she said 'If it were just a little bigger we could all enjoy it!' .
I was on the phone to a friend who had his mobile on charge, I was reading out a number but he stopped me with; 'Slow down, I can't hear you when I'm bent over and it's plugged in.' 
My chemistry teacher was explaining how although a meter and a yard are close in length, they are not interchangeable. To illustrate, she held up a yardstick in front of her and said, 'You can't just whip it out and be like, this is a meter.' 
Today I was explaining to my friend that I had found money in my washer. Well, I used a blow-dryer to dry it, so I say to him, 'Yeah, so I had to sit there and blow it really good so it would be dry.' 
So today in math a girl was telling a story about what she was eating the other day but nobody was paying attention to her until she said 'it was so big it wouldn't fit in my mouth' 
In English class a friend of mine was taking her time sharpening a pencil. When I asked what was taking her so long, she replied 'Well, I can't do it as fast with my bad arm.' 
Today, my friends were driving and she was looking for a parking spot. she was passing a car and the car backed up without warning. then, she said 'why the f*ck would you pull out right when im coming??' .
I was at my parents' house and we were all playing volleyball in the pool. One of my mom's friends held the ball under water and let it go so it flew up out of the water. She screamed then said 'I wasn't expecting it to shoot up in my face like that' 
I was camping with a bunch of my friends and we had honey and pita bread that night for dinner. my friend said 'i love that stuff, squirt it right in my mouth' i said 'lean your head back and open wide' she said 'ok don't put to much down my throat, i don't want to choke'....
Today, my class had to switch lockers. It was harder to get your lock in the hole where it goes, and my friend goes 'I can't get it in the hole! It's too hard!' He finally succeeds in getting it in, and shouts 'I got in in the hole!' .
My mom and her friend were going on about how loud the cabinets were when they closed and her friend said 'they should put rubbers on those things' 
i was struggling to pull out the hide-away couch, when my sister proclaimed 'i don't think you're going to get that out in time.' .
i made brownies in cooking class today. they had nuts in them. everyone started to eat from them. then one of the girls got pissed and said 'your nuts are stuck in my throat' .
The other day my friend was getting angry with me because I kept responding with '' when she would make a comment. I did it once more, and she finally lost it. Frustrated, she exclaimed, 'God! You've been nailing me all day!' .
Today, my friend and I were lying on her bed watching a movie. She tried to splatter some Germ-X off of her hand into the air, but forgot that my head was right next to her. The Germ-X fell directly into my eyes, and I yelled 'You got it in my eyes! They were open and now they're all wet!' .
Today at lunch an odd conversation came up about hitting each other with books. As the conversation went on two of my friends started arguing, all I hear is...'I will beat you with this book!' 'well i have a bigger book!' 'It doesn't matter how big it is, just how much force you put behind it!' 
Today my art teacher was teaching us how to throw pottery on the wheel. When she was explaining how to open the clay up into a bowl she said: 'To open it, just finger it like this and push.' .
Today in class this guy was trying to turn the TV on and the button wasn't working. My teacher says, 'You gotta wiggle it around a little bit, it's kinda funky.' .
Today, my roommate was complaining about losing her phone charger. I suggested borrowing one from my friend. My roommate replied, 'It wont work. Her hole is bigger than mine.' 
I was at my friend's house, and her printer had a paper jam. While she tried to get the paper out, she said, 'God, we've been doing this for, like, an hour and it's still stuck!' .
Today in math class, the girl behind me announced she had a horrible headache and asked for a painkiller, so I handed her one of those Advil liquid-gels. Being the loud person she is, moments later she announces 'I didn't know if I was supposed to chew it, but it just busted all in my mouth! Now it tastes to bad to swallow.' .
Today in technology class while plugging our laptops back in, someone yelled, 'Ugh! I always put it in the wrong hole!' 
My dad is an exercise therapist. I was at his work helping him with some things and he was taking care of a client. He was checking up on her and he said 'How are you doing in this position?' she replies 'it feels so good!' he says 'awesome now just keep doing what you're doing and we'll be done in a minute!' !
My friend and I were waiting for our parents to pick us up after vollyball practice. To pass the time, she took out a box of Nerds candy and started eating them. After a while she blurted out, 'These Nerds are HUGE!' A few seconds later, after me laughing my head off, she then responded with; 'But yeah. They were huge purple, sour tasting ones.' .
the other morning i popped my girlfriends back and it popped right when i picked her up and she proceeded to say 'usually you have to jerk it a couple times before it does that' .
Me and a girl from work were cleaning a food rack cause it was dusty. dust was falling everywhere and she says 'eww its all coming in my mouth' .
My friend after a night of partying was trying to recover from a hangover the next morning by drinking some water. After finishing the glass of water, he said 'Ughhh, I finally managed to swallow it all.' 
So I was at a bonfire with a bunch of kids from my school. I licked a marshmallow and tried to stuff it in my friend's mouth. She jumped back and yelled 'Ew it's all wet and sticky!'
so i was at work today working at the cash register, i have a line up of about 5 people, my friend just got back from his break when another employee walks up and says 'wow, you are done already...?' 
I shoved my friend's backpack in a spare locker even though it was a tight fit. She said, 'What if it gets stuck in there?' 
My dad &amp; I were driving down the highway through a thunderstorm, every time I saw a lightning strike I would say it was cool. I looked down to text and my dad said 'Wow, How did you miss that one?! It's was so big and long!' .
Today, in physics class, we were drawing circuits. There was this one big circuit we had to draw, and my friend said 'I am going to have to do it sideways, it's just that big!' 
I was at the Verizon Wireless counter when the guy asked me 'So what do you want your phone to be able to do?' I replied, 'I just want it to vibrate hard enough so that I can feel it no matter what.' 
I showed my friend a picture in my wallet, since he had a matching picture in his wallet as well. He then said, 'I'd pull mine out, but it's too hard to get out.' .
My teacher was reading a story aloud in a book. She then started reading, '...their mouths stretched in passion.' .
me and a friend were on a long car ride and i started to get squirmy in my seat-- i told him: 'this is starting to hurt my ass can we switch positions.' 
My friend had a small ball of trash and he saw that my bag was open just a little bit at the top. He said, 'Watch, I'm gonna put it in that little slit.' .
i was working on a math problem and ask my teacher for help when he said its okay to use your fingers and then he said 'i still use my fingers all the time' 
My friend was talking to me at school and said, OMG. Meteor shower tonight! I ask at what time and he said 'it starts around 11 pm and gets intense at 1 and stays like that till 3.' .
In history today, we had to research political cartoons and then answer questions about them. After class, the teacher came over to see how we went, and she said 'Some of them are harder than others, but play with them over the weekend and see how you go' .
I was in french class and I got a detention before I forgot to hand in my project, along with five other students. My teacher, who's very young, said, 'Now, If you don't come, it's doubled!' 
Today I was sitting in class and this girl and guy were playing a game on the computer. The guy was obviously frustrated and the girl looked over and said 'Its not too hard. You just have to put it in the right place.' 
In my floral design class my teacher was talking about how some people get so stressed out about having their design look perfect...she told us to 'just stick it in and enjoy it!' .
Today in class I was talking to one of my friends, she was playing with the zipper on her jacket and it was starting to bug me. I asked her to stop and she replied 'But,I play with it all the time, I just can't stop.' 
my two friends were working on a math problem and one couldnt get her calculator to work so the other said 'put it in mine and see if it works' 
My brother was being stupid and tripping over furniture in the living room on purpose. When he landed on the floor he said, 'Ow that hurt! But it was fun so i'm going to do it again!' .
We were in a meeting discussing what to do if our clients (all of whom are retirees), do not redeem their gift cards for classes by the end of 2010. My boss threw up his hands and said, 'Well, they should have come sooner.' .
The other day I was at my little cousins birthday party. Me and my brother were blowing up balloons. My sister came in and said, 'No one blows better than me!' .
My math teacher was asking us if we had satellite or cable. Then she said, 'I have direct T.V., I don't like cox!!!' Then Connor said, 'I have cox on demand!' 
i was in class and got called down to the office. i was busy chatting with my friends and my teacher said to me 'Travis! Just go down already!'.
A few weeks ago me and my two friends were in my room playing guitar. My friend has a small box that allows him to play musical instruments through his computer. This was the first time we had tried to hook up three instruments at once. When he got it working he exclaimed 'This is so awesome i have three instruments playing in my box at once.' 
So I threw something at my friends mouth. I made it in and my other friend asked if I made it in. I said 'Yes, but she spit it out!' .
So we were in the gym for softball practice because it was raining. Since we were inside the gym we had to use softer balls incase they hit any windows. So we started having a catch when my friend goes, 'ugh, why do we have to do these balls, these are so slippery and big, I really like the dry and small balls.'
Last night, my mom and I were eating ice cream. I mentioned to her that I thought my dad was a freak because he can bite the icecream with his teeth. I can't do that because it's too cold. My mom agreed with me, saying 'I'm the same way. I just suck on it until it melts.' .
My friend and I were spending the week in a dorm for a school function. She had forgotten her toothbrush and the first morning she used her finger and toothpaste to brush her teeth. After hearing me say how I didn't want to get up and brush my teeth, she said 'I don't know about your toothbrush, but my finger did a pretty good job this morning' ... .
Today myself and my friends were waiting for the college bus in torrential rain. I forgot my umbrella and so I simply put my hood up. I looked down to try and shelter my face from the rain, but instead the rain from my hood slid down on to my face. Without thinking I yelled out, 'I'm super sticky (I'm an art student and had been messing with glue all day) I'm dripping wet and the worst part is I assumed it wouldn't come until later on!' .
My roommate and I were playing Mario Kart 64 with a female neighbor of ours. She was not very skilled, and we were constantly shooting red shells at her. After the 5th time she got hit, she said, 'God! You guys are unloading on me!' .
I was helping an old girlfriend get her new surround sound hooked up &amp; we needed to take the old coax cables off of the TiVo to the TV. While she was unscrewing the connectors she remarked 'Whew, this is a really tight fit but I'm about to get it off.' ! Then a moment later she stated - 'My finger needs a break' .
I told a friend of mine that it was hard to pick a Christmas present for her. She said 'I'm pretty easy to please, you're the hard one'. 
One day I was texting my friend and asked him how football practice went. He replied with 'It was long, hot, and sweaty.' 
I was baking a cake and my girlfriend came in to help she saw the eggs on the side and said 'do you want me to beat this for you' 
One day at lunch, my friends were sitting at a different table, and one of them was telling a story. As I sat down, I heard her say, 'And then it started coming out of the bottom hole, so i had to lick it up before it made a mess'. .
My friend and I were in gym class. We were playing basket-ball and someone slung the ball right at my face. I dove and hit the floor. The ball hit him in the face. He yelled. 'OW, why am I always the one taking balls to the face?!' .
My grandma was talking about this lady who helped her put her walker in the back of her car and she said 'She helped me put it in the back' my cousin was like twss. my grandma said 'wait you talked to her?'... best ever 
My friend and I were walking home and there was a truck on the side of the road. The back lights were on and it looked like he was going to turn back onto the road. Without even thinking I said 'Oh please don't pull out before I get there.' .
Today, during Ancient History, our teacher when she was talking to my friend about jamming the blinds in the classroom said 'Do you always have to be so rough?' .
The other day, a friend of mine was drinking a vanilla milkshake. The milkshake was too thick to go through the straw. She was getting annoyed, and said, 'I'm sucking but nothing is coming in my mouth!' .
My friend was trying to put lotion on in the car. And we were driving, we went over a pretty bumpy road and she accidentally squeezed the bottle. We didn't realize it until we pulled over and asked what happened. She then proceeded to whine, 'UGH! I squeezed too hard, and it's gooey and all over my face.' .
My best friend &amp; I were wearing matching outfits at work and we didn't plan it. At the beginning of our shift, our manager points this fact out to all our co-workers. 3 hours later, a co-worker just realizes that we match. My best friend looks at me, then him, &amp; says, 'You're a quick one.' 
Today in school, I tried to put hand sanitizer on but it didn't come out. As I turned it upside down, a whole bunch of it got onto my hand and I screamed, 'Oh my God, it just squirted all over my hand!' .
Today in my AP Econ class my teacher was telling us a story about how her son has a soccer game early Saturday morning. She proceeded to say, 'It sucks because the grass is all wet. Slippery balls and yuckkk.' 
One day while handing in an essay for a class in high school, one of my friends asked me 'hey, how long is yours?' 
I was in my English class the other day, we just finished the written portion of a test and my teacher says 'hand in your papers and we'll start the oral portion' my friend then yells out 'but I'm not good at oral!' .
In a class today, the teacher was handing out the homework. Someone complained, 'This is longer than last time,' to which the teacher responded, 'Well, you guys are growing up now, so it will be getting harder.' .
I was in P.E and we were doing basketball drills. My teacher said 'this is a ball-handling skill.' .
Today in science class we were going to burn hydrogen and our teacher told us it would be loud. It made an extremely loud popping sound. My friend next to me jumped, and said, 'I knew it was coming but it surprised me anyway.' 
My friend Kait was sitting in English class next to a few of us talking about our car accident stories. When the boy to the right of me turned and mentioned something his truck. Kate responds to him with Dani, your truck its huge, 'It's hard for you to slide into small spaces.' 
Two IT administrators (myself and another user) are both logged into a server, and it's really bogged down. Kris: This box is really bogged down Justin: 'Are you both in there simultaneously?' .
I went on a long, muddy hike with a friend not long ago. Each of us contracted our share of leeches. When we returned, she took off her shoe and saw a giant leech attached to her foot. She promptly let out quite the scream. 'Sorry I squealed, that was the biggest one I've seen in a long time.' 
My friend tends to build tension in her upper back and when it gets really bad she needs someone to crack it for her. I had never cracked anyone's back before so she instructed me as I did it. 'Grab me around the body here, now lean back and kinda thrust a few times... Just like that... A little more... Oh God that feels so much better. You can put me down now.' 
I was playing super smash bros with some friends on this stage that occasionally shoots a giant laser. One player managed to throw someone into the laser beam, but when someone asked why they didn't follow up with another attack, he said 'I was just happy I got him in there!' .
Me and my friend were walking to lunch, and she wanted me to go with her to her locker so she pulled on my sweater. I said no youre gonna stretch it. She replied 'I'll stretch it until you come.' .
Today in social class my teacher was trying to get the projector to work but there was static, after about 5 minutes it stops and the powerpoint shows up. She then jumps out of her chair and said 'Oh look it finally came up!' 
When my grandpa was talking about installing the dishwasher one of his steps was 'you've got to make sure you shove that all the way in for it to engage.' .
Mark, discussing the how he was going to run the race: 'I'll start slow and increase my performance.' .
My boss wanted us to move a display to storage. My co-worker said to me 'Get on the bottom' . Then he asked my boss 'where should we put it?' My boss said 'Wherever you can find a hole.' .
I was having a texting conversation with an exboyfriend and he was explaining something to me. When he finished his explanation he texted me 'should i go deeper?' as in should i keep explaining. I didn't notice until after i texted him back 'yes go deeper' .
At work making signs and the required length &amp; height had me piecing pages together to finish it, so I said to my co-worker 'I keep trying to tell them that if they want it bigger than 8 1/2 inches, it won't work as well!' .
My aunt was walking through the living room saying 'someone needs to hem the bottom of my pants' and I was in the kitchen with my sister when my mom said 'that sounds like a hand job i think you're the right person for that' 
I am a girl in a group with 3 boys. groups are allowed to have 3 people....we were in bio doing a really hard lab and nobody could do it right so my lab partner says 'ok this is gonna be very hard with four people, so who would like to suck first' 
Today at work a customer was looking at our 12' Artificial Christmas tree that was decorated with over-sized red ornaments and said 'That's beautiful too... with the big balls.' 
I was in class one day and my friend sharpened his pencil wayyy too much in my pencil sharpener. When I went to go empty it out nothing would empty from the container. I walked back and said 'its packed in too tight I cant get it out' 
My choir teacher realized that i had the ability to sing lower than i normally did. So she decides to tell me in front of the class 'You have something down there I didn't know you had.' .
today me and my friend were waiting for our friend to come pick us up from school to start our road trip to california. my friend was so excited that she was bouncing and saying, 'Oh god, ohh god, OH GOD! This is gunna be amazing!!!' then i said 'calm down.' she then replied with, ' i cant!! He needs to come FASTER!!' 
My friend was trying to pop a zit on her face. Her mom walked in and said, 'hun don't play with it, the more you do the bigger its gonna get.' 
One day in my chorus class we all kinda stopped singing our parts and my chorus teacher yelled 'Just because your done doesn't mean I am!' .
I was watching a video on everythingisterrible.com about cat massage, the instructor was explaining about massaging the tail and said, 'simply start at the base of the rump, rubbing your way out, and follow it to it's natural conclusion.' 
I was in orchestra class and the teacher was telling the cello section about how to play a piece of music. Referring to a part where they play an identical part twice in a row, the teacher said 'Be ready for the second one. There's no waiting.' 
Today, while teaching my brother how to long it takes to make tea in the microwave, I said, 'five minutes is usually great, but sometimes I take it out early if it gets too hot'. .
At school my friend was talking about the ink in his fountain pen. He said 'It's hard to get it flowing but once you do it's really nice.' 
At a cross country team party, we were using marshmellow roasters to melt holes in plastic cups. Somebody took a plastic cup with lemonade in it and started to poke a hole in it. When the lemonade started flowing out of the hole made with the marshmallow roaster, he yelled 'It's starting to spray! $@%#, I can't get it out!!! 
I was riding in a car with this girl and we were trying to turn left. She wouldn't get into the intersection though so I said 'Emily, pull out!'  She then replied 'I know, I know, I never do. It's a habit.' TWHS.
People in the Computer Lab at my school were playing Halo together. My brother shot a rocket launcher, watched it hit and said, 'Wow, that was a pretty big blast'. 
My all but innocent friend Sarah was having a very difficult time during the math test. Eventually she couldn't bear the fact that this one question was too hard for her. So, she marches straight up to the teacher and says, 'Mr. Meyer, it's just too hard, and I can't bear it any longer. Can you just remove it?' to which she gets the response, 'I'm sorry. You'll just have to bear with it. I know its hard, but it's just as hard for everybody else.' .
Me and my friend were at the gym. We were discussing plans for the next day and she said, 'You have to make me come again tomorrow, but I'll probably just sit around and watch you do all of the work.' 
My rowing coach was trying to get us to keep our oars in the water longer. From her motorboat we heard her yell, 'You need to stay in longer, your pulling out too soon.' 
I am a physical education teacher and we were playing with birdies in class and the technical term for a birdie is a shuttlecock, one of my students comes to me and says 'i can't play with this anymore, I'm all cocked out' .
Today my roommates and I were sharing some pumpkin pie. I went into the fridge to get some whipped cream but the can seemed to be empty. My roommate asked: 'Can that thing even spurt cream out anymore?' .
Today, our teacher was telling us how to use a video camera when she said 'You can't just go in and pull out. You gotta stay there for a while. Also, keep it steady, nothing is worse than shaking. You may think you are doing a good job, but people don't like it.' 
Me and my friend and I went out kayaking one day. In the bay we got lost and were splashing each other. Eventually after being lost for 20 min. he sais 'This sucks I'm all wet and I don't know where I am' 
We were playing beer pong and I threw the ball pretty hard and it landed in the cup. My girlfriend said 'Good job, you put it in there!' . I started cracking up laughing, but before I could say anything, her friend said 'Why do you open yourself up for that?' .
My mom was watching a cake challenge on TV, and I walked into the living room to see a man building a cake tower. I asked 'What's going on?' and she said 'He can't keep it up.' .
Two of my friends and I went to the movies. Immediately we get popcorn. As they were served their food, they start to eat the popcorn. They start to argue over who gets the pieces that are on top, so my friend blurts out, 'HEY FATTY, i get the top'. 
We're reading Oedipus Rex in my Intro to College English class and the guy playing Oedipus got to a monologue, in which my teacher proceeded to say 'Ouh, that's a honker. ...Yeah, wow you've really got a honker.' ...
Today I was eating a sub with extra mayonniase and a girl saw it and said 'It's so big, look at all the white stuff coming out' 
We were going to watch a video in class and we were having trouble getting the video into the VCR. Finally our teacher, out of frustration, said 'Just shove it in as hard as you can!' 
I'm in a fraternity, and before the pledging ceremony, all the brothers walk out to the fraternity gym where we wait for the freshmen to arrive. One brother (let's call him Nate) was holding the door for all eighty brothers. He said, 'You guys just keep coming.' 
Today when going out for trick-or-treating, my friend had to put her foot brace on because of her broken toe. Another friend was helping her put her foot in. She exclaimes out of frustration to him 'No no! Go deeper! It's not all the way in yet!' 
We were playing soccar in gym class. Our goilie thought that it was way to dangerous and protested having to block the soccar ball by saying 'But I'm not wearing protection!!' 
My friend was having trouble putting the cap back on the white out container. Finally, she said in a rather frustrated tone 'I can't get it back in the hole!' 
When I was in the car with my brother on the highway, the driver behind us was annoyingly close to us. My brother glanced in the rear view mirror, and said, 'Why is he riding my butt so hard??' .
Today, I was getting my hair shampooed at a salon. As I pushed my head back into the special sink used for washing hair, the stylist said, 'You're in good and deep now.' .
I was walking across the grounds of our church, and I heard heavy breathing behind me, so I turned around to see my brother walking over to me. When he got to me I said, 'I heard you breathing. That's how I knew you were coming.' 
In Spanish class we were coloring, and the girl behind me was looking for a colored pencil inside the box. Her friend said 'well I think it's in there but I'm not sure, it's really small'. 
Today, in Sculpture class, my friend was cutting paper with wire cutter, and said, 'It just slides in so smoothly, and without any noise!'
last year i was at a band concert. we just finished warming up and were leaving the room to sit with the audience when my teacher says 'make sure to lick your reeds to keep them nice and wet.' 
A few days ago my teacher gave my friend a flashdrive and told her to plug it into the computer for him. She tried several times and my teacher said 'Don't push it too hard, if it doesn't go in you must not being doing it right' 
My friend and I were seeing how many fun-size chocolate bars we could fit in our mouths. 'You're good! Have you tried this before?'. 'Yeah, last week I beat my sister by putting 6 in my mouth, but then I started choking.' 
I was giving some advice to a friend who gets very nervous around the guy she just started seeing. Her: 'I don't know what I'm doing. I really like him but I don't know how much he likes me.' Me: 'I know it's hard at first, but just try to relax and take it slow. You'll gain confidence and it'll get a lot easier.' 
Was in class and my teacher was writing stuff on the whiteboard. He then said 'has everyone finished writing this down? I want to rub this all off the board' to which one of my classmates asked 'why don't you write it down the bottom?' His response was 'Because I don't want to get down on my knees.' .
Today I was in my Biology lab. We were doing an experiment which involved using a pipette to insert a solution into a small well submerged in another liquid. Anyways, it was important when using the pipette not to let go of the plunger until the tip was out of the solution so that you wouldn't draw any more in. To describe this, my lab partner said: 'Put it all the way in, but be sure not to release until you've pulled out.' .
My friend Brandi was sitting at our cafeteria table, aimlessly playing with her milk carton. She squeezed it, and the milk gushed out the top and shot to a surprising height. With utter amazement in her voice, she said 'Dude, I squeezed it and it shot up into the air and landed on my face!' 
At the beach one day I was with my friend. I said i was ready to go. He walked to the water and said 'Let me get wet real quick.' 
A friend of mine made a shot at the trash bin and asked, 'Did it go in?' 
One time in class our science teacher was walking around giving out papers and she tripped and there was a pen on the floor and right before she fell i picked up the pen she screamed ' i almost had that in my face' 
A friend of mine made various desserts and this one girl trys them all and then says 'The white one doesn't taste any different then the black one.' .
I was having lunch with a bunch of friends. One guy was doing something, maybe a magic trick. When the first guy was done another friend said 'Wait could you do that once more, real slow so I can watch.' .
Today I was picking up my little sister at day care and they were playing with these little toys that were like Lincoln Logs or something. A little boy was getting exasperated with his friend and said 'Just stick it in there already!' .
today my fried had some huge slippers on. he pushed his toes all the way to the front of the slippers, and proceeded to put 3 fingers in the shoe, filling the gap between the back of the show to his heel. he says 'dang this is huge! i can easily fit 3 fingers in here!' .
we were running a cool down in cross country today, and all decide to try and make a beat. one of the guys was was beatboxing and another snapping his finger really loud. after a minute he says 'okay i have to stop this my fingers are getting numb.' 
my spanish teacher just got a projector and there's something wrong with it. She was complaining saying' it's to long. i don't know if this will work. It's just shaped so weirdly i don't know how they got it in here' .
My friend's soda bottle overflowed all over the table and I started laughing. She looked up at me in embarrassment and said 'Well I tried to get it all in my mouth before it made a mess, but it came out so fast.' .
the other day my friend was teaching me how to blow an inside out bubble 'it is the same but you have to suck instead of blow' 
I was in PE and we're learning golf. Coach was demonstrating how to hit the ball and he said'make sure you bend your knees and grip it tight or we won't get anywhere' 
while watching iCarly with my kids on Disney channel, the principal was on the webcast and was playing a game of 'what am i sitting on', where he is blind folded and had to guess he was sitting on. The girls asked him if he was ready...to which he replied 'my butt is ready' .
Today, my boyfriend noticed a hole in my sweater and said, 'Did you know you have a little hole right here? Do you ever play with it to make it bigger?' .
Well today in P.E. we had to hit golf balls, and coach said 'be gentle now you don't wanna strain yourself'then everyone began yo laugh and coach said'its not funny it has happened to me and my lower back hurt for 3 days.'
In English class we had to do a summer reading project. I did a powerpoint presentation. So I presented it, and a couple days later I get my grade back for the presentation, and as my teacher hands it to me, she says 'Everything was great, but your oral presentation didn't satisfy me enough'. .
The other day i was asking my friend if she wanted to walk to subway , She told me she couldn't because she had no money then she said 'Oh My God i'm craving a foot long' 
I was changing the ribbon on a printer at work. You have to grab the roll and slide it off the spool but it never comes off in one piece and you have to pull for a while to get it all off. I had gotten it off quickly in almost on piece. I looked at my co-worker and excitedly said 'I've never gotten one off that fast before!' 
A couple days ago, my sister had a runny nose. It drives my dad crazy when you dont blow your nose. He told her to go and blow her nose, she didnt blow hard enough... upsey my dad yelled 'Blow it harder, blow it like you mean it.' .
I was sitting in class talking with my two friends sitting next to me (order is: me - friend 1 - friend 2). Friend 2 is drinking a water bottle and Friend 1 is doing some homework she forgot to do. Suddenly, Friend 2 spills his water over Friend 1's homework and she yells, 'what are you doing! you are going to get my sheets wet' .
A few friends and I were playing golf. We we're headed to the next hole and my friend says 'I've never done this hole before'. .
I was eating corn on the cob with my family at dinner, everyone was using the holders that go in the sides of the corn on the cob but my little sister because she was complaining that they were to hard to put in, so she was just eating it with her hands, my mom proceeds to say 'would you stop using your hands and just stick the damn thing in!'. .
I was in history class when we were talking about Teddy Roosevelt's famous quote- 'Speak softly and carry a big stick'. we were supposed to interpret this quote. one kid said 'everyone should want to have a big stick, but if you have one, you shouldn't go around telling people about it' .
My brother shows chickens, and therefore calls them by their respectful name (cock and hen) and, after showing me his prized, award winning rooster he said, 'Isn't it the biggest, best, most beautiful cock you have ever seen?' .
I was at the mall with some of my guy friends, and they went over to the coke machine to get a soda, my one guy friend goes over to the first machine, but it only accepted coins and he only had a bill, my other friend goes over to the next machine, looks at it, and says to my other friend 'dude just stick it in this one, it accepts cash'. .
My dad was watching a TV show about crabs. I walked into the room and all I heard was 'ok guys, this thing is big and its super hard. so what we're going to do is hover right over it, tackle it, and then lower ourselves into it until it sprays. got it?' .
So i was watching the movie 'Iron man' with some of my friends. When it came to the part with the main bad-guy taking control, when the chick was downstairs in the basement of Stark Industries. She turns a corner and sees the first Iron man suit. Then she says 'I thought it would be bigger!' 
I was taking a friend home from work and she got in my car with her bottle of water. I said you can put it in referring to the cupholder. She replies, 'Its not gonna fit, its oversized' 
Today, me and my friend were talkin about how sour gummy worms are the best candy and i say i love the sour and she says 'i like licking that off first'. 
In concert band one day, a sophomore clarinet had a solo in a song that consisted of some really high notes. After she messed up a few times the band teacher looked at her and asked what was wrong. The girl replied, 'I can't! It's so hard and my mouth is starting to hurt!' 
I had to change the saran wrap roll at work, but I needed help, so I had one of the produce guys help me out. When we finally got the new roll on, he just sat there, staring at it, and asked, 'Is it just supposed to hang there? .
We were putting test tubes into water baths, through holes in the lid. My teacher then said in fustration, 'just stick them in any of the holes!' 
My best friend was talking about her favorite day (yesterday) because of the awesome party. 'Man that was so fun! I learned so much and felt so good. I was hoping that it wouldn't end even though it was so long.' 
The other day, I was laying down next to my dad and my dog reading, and my sister walked past, then stopped and turned around to come onto the bed, and so as a joke I spread my legs out and moved down slightly, to take up all the room, and as she walk towards the end of the bed she said 'Dont spread your legs because I'm coming!'. .
My sister and her boyfriend were eating pie. I have 2 types of forks in my house, short ones and long ones. Her boyfriend took her fork by mistake and went to sit down. My sister ran in the room screaming, 'Wtf? You know I like the short fat ones!' 
Last Friday we were at a mexican restaurant for Boss' day. One of the guys was touting how he can eat any hot/spicy food without batting an eye. One of the senior guys said 'Anything you can put in your mouth I can put twice as much!': 
My friend was talking about when dentists inject novocaine into your mouth before working on a cavity, and she said, 'It hurts a lot the first time it goes in, but it's a lot less painful the second time, and the third time you hardly feel it at all.' .
I had just finished having lunch with my dad when we made our way to the main road, which is pretty busy. My dad gets frustrated and just zooms into traffic as soon as he can, cutting someone off. My mom responds with 'that's it babe... Pull out in front of everybody.' 
My language arts teacher was discussing with the class about the essay that we had to write. 'It doesn't have to be long, but it has to please me and it has to be easy for me to see.' .
I worked at a restaurant, and one of our duties was washing dishes. One of my friends started splashing the plates in the water, finally the girl (who was one of our managers at the time) next to him yells out 'Travis! knock it off, you got me wet, now finish already.' 
Today we had an ice cream party in our class. One of my friends was putting the shell topping on her ice cream. After putting it on her ice cream she said 'how long does it take to get hard?' 
Waiting for a flight with my coworkers, one guy droned on and on about the hot dogs at the food court. 'It's huge! It's like this long, and that big around.' 
I was on a flight and the guy next to me was having trouble with his headphone socket. He called a flight attendant. 'I can't get any sound.' FA: 'Have you tried taking it out and putting it back in?', 'Yeah. I put it in all the way...ohh, wait it's coming now.' 
This was the best moment of my life so far. I was on a road trip and Bohemian Rhapsody came on the radio. We’re all singing along until we get to the part with the crazy high notes, at which point my friend says, “you have to relax your throat, or else you can’t hold it.” .
Today, I told a really good  joke. Afterwords I said, 'I knew that was gonna be a good one as it was coming out of my mouth.' .
The other day on the train, it was raining quite hard. we just stopped at a stop where many girls come onto the train, as the got on about three of them said at once 'omg! were soo wet!'. 
I was helping a friend import a video from his camera onto my computer and he asked me what one of the ports along the side were for, I wasn't sure so I said, 'I dont know what that hole is for, I've never had to stick anything in there'. .
A group of friends and I were playing the drinking game Circle of Death (aka Mushroom or King's Cup) where you have to balance your discards on a beer without knocking the pile over. The cards were leaning several inches off to one side on my turn and my friends were watching intently as I just barely avoided knocking the whole thing over. When I finished my turn and leaned away, my female friend looked up and said, 'Wow, that's the most impressive thing I've ever seen.' .
I was talking to my sister and she asked me why I always have so much candy and gum in my purse and I absently blurted out 'Because I always need something in my mouth.' 
Talking about her bangs, my friend exclaimed, 'You don't know what it's like to have these things hanging in your face all the time!' .
Today I was watching Transporter 3 with my friends. One of the workers on a ship said 'captain, we've got a breach in the lower level!' .
So me and my friend were trying to find a parking space and we had to park really far away from where we wanted to go. As we were walking to the store, we see a car leave a space 10 feet away from the store and she says 'Damnit, you couldn't have pulled out 5 seconds ago?' .
a friend was sitting in english class and he always kept on shouting answers and not raising his hands or anything, so the teacher was like, 'You got to learn to work your mouth, and use your hands too.'.
I was spending the night at my friend's house, and as he was attempting to blow up an inflatable mattress manually, he said, 'I've been blowing this thing for two hours, and I've got nothing!' .
Me and my friends were at the bowling alley for league one morning. My friend, Tyler, reached down on the ball rack to grab his towel that just happened to be stuck under two bowling balls. When he realizes this he exclaims 'It's stuck between two balls and I can't yank it!'.
my girlfriend was on her way to pick me up and my sweatshirt was damp so my mom gestured to the dryer and said 'stick it in and keep it in till she comes!' 
My friend was on the computer behind me and was copying a document into his file and said 'i'm still waiting for it to go in' 
Today in english class, we were talking about Romeo and Juliet. When we were talking about the balcony scene, our teacher said that if Juliet knew Romeo was listening to her she probably would have asked him to 'stop messing around in her shrubbery down there.' 
So one day I was in the dollar store with some friends. One of them was pointing out some glow sticks she saw for sale. She then told a story about one of her prior experiences with one: 'I was lying on my back in bed playing with it and it exploded in my face.' .
My best friend was driving through a parking lot when another driver began backing out of her spot. My friend, afraid that she was about to be hit, yelled 'No! Don't pull out while I'm still coming!' .
Yesterday, I was talking to my friend at lunch and she mentioned how she had band next period. She plays the flute, and she said, 'And then I get to blow on a really long stick.' .
Last night I went to the bar with a few friends. When we got there, my buddy bought a drink for my cousin. My cousin didn't really feel like drinking it, but since he didn't pay for it he said to my friend, 'Just so you know, I'm going to choke this down for you.' 
Today, my professor was comparing the ship on the new star trek movie to the one in the original. He says: 'Its very large and has a big thick protruding object. And even after 30 years it still produces the same orgasmic moment.' 
My co-worker was telling me how her abs hurt from working out. She said 'it hurts, but its a good hurt.' 
In the morning my friend had her laptop in her backpack, in the afternoon she was holding it and when we asked why she replied 'It got bigger, it won't fit back there' 
My friend and I were discussing the lunch menu at our school when he brought up the pies they sold. I remarked that I never realised there was pie and usually didn't eat them anyway. Enthused, he then said, 'It's hot, warm and tastes so good in my mouth.' .
After swimming in a river, my friend came and hugged me. She was then told by another friend, 'Don't hug him, you'll just get all wet.' 
My girlfriend and I had lunch at Subway today -- she ordered a 6-inch, and I ordered the foot-long. After watching me scarf down the last bite, she asked me, 'How do you eat the foot-long? After six inches I'm stuffed!' .
Today, my friend and I were listening to a song. She said she liked the more upbeat version that the artist plays live. Without thinking, I said 'Well, I like it both ways!' 
I was at school in services and the end of the microphone snapped...it was all frayed at the end and when i asked my friend if he saw what happened he replied with 'i was gonna shove it back in but i was afraid i would get electrocuted!!!' .
my dad was driving and he hit a pothole dead on. i asked him why he did and he answered 'i tried to straddle it but it was too big.' .
my friend was making a hookah for us all to smoke (tobacco). he poked holes in the tin foil on the bowl part so that the coals would heat up the tobacco. another friend began adjusting the holes in the foil to which the first friend said 'hey man, you making my holes bigger?' .
i was at target, a woman was helping her very young son try on gloves. she told him 'put your fingers in all the holes.' .
A couple of friends of mine and I were trying to get one of our overworked, very stressed out friends to come to dinner with us, and he kept saying no because he wasn't hungry. Then, in an attempt to get around his argument, another friend of mine said, 'You can just come, you don't have to eat.' .
My friend and I were jet skiing and a guy was running down a hill not too far from us screaming 'CHAD, I'M COMING!'
While at work (lifeguarding) my coworker was up in the stand and says 'Why is everyone going so deep today'? 
I was hiking with my friend and her dad. The mountain was pretty steep, and when it finally sloped downward, my friend's dad said, 'Oh good, I finally get to go down.' .
the other day i was eating a flav-or-ice ice pop. and i said 'i like sucking all the flavor out till it turns white.' 
In a pathology today after seeing a rather large, inflamed gall bladder - one girl exclaims 'Wow! That thing is huge, there is no way that would ever fit inside my body!'. .
My sister was sitting on the couch and I wanted to hang upside down from it. so I went to put my feet under her and she screamed really loud' STOP!! get out of my butt!!' 
Riding a rollercoaster at Six Flags Magic Mountain, after a loop, my friend exclaimed, 'Aaah! I'm on my back!' 
Today I was with three of my friends. They started slapping each other on the back of the head. One of them says he'll stop slapping the other if she slaps my other friend. She taps her lightly and asks if that was okay. He says, 'Well that wasn't very satisfying.' She replies, 'Sorry, I didn't know how hard to do it.' 
I was sitting in class, when one of the students threw a crumpled up ball of paper toward another one...meanwhile the teacher was walking by and it nearly hit her. She said 'I nearly had that in my cleavage!'. 
i was walking a friend home when we started talking about organic peanut butter and how the oil separates, i said i would pour all the oil out and my friend said 'but then it'd be all dry and you couldn't spread it!' 
I was watching a Mad Tv sketch on YouTube--this one was a Stuart sketch, and he was at the doctor. The doctor was trying to take Stuart's temperature, and his mother said, 'If you don't take it in the mouth, you know where it's gonna go.' .
I was on Facebook and randomly got an error message that said 'You are not permitted to do that.' .
Today I was teaching my friend about hagfishes (google it). And i told her that they secrete a slimy layer to protect themselves. She asked if it was poisonous and i said, 'Nah, its just thick and squishy' .
Me and my friends were out smoking and out of nowhere one snatches my cigar and smokes mine and his at the same time. 'You know, I can fit two in my mouth at the same time, but it's kind of awkward.' .
I wanted my mum to set up the washing machine for me, so I could wash some of my clothes. My mum asked me how much I had, and I replied 'It's not a big load.' .
Today, in a varsity maths lecture, my lecturer got tired of people arriving late. There are doors at the back of the lecture hall. In front of everyone she shouted 'If ure going to come late, come in the back!' 
My friend and I were plugging a flash drive into the back of a mac computer. She said, 'I hate putting it in the back because I can't see where the hole is.' .
My coworker is looking at the gum and mints on my desk and asks, 'Do you have anything else I can put in my mouth?', , he follows up with, 'I mean something more stimulating.' .
I was at Home Depot one day, talking to an associate. A couple walked up looking lost. The associate asked if he could help them find something. The lady told the associate, 'Hi, I need some caulk.' .
Today I was in my band class...we were playing our music for marching band and we had just got to the part where the music was supposed to get soft. My band director cut us off and said 'Try not to get so soft too fast.' .
Last night my friend's car wouldn't start. She had the key in the ignition, but the key wouldn't turn. I said, 'Are you pushing it in far enough? That might be why it's not turned on.' .
I had a bubble wand in my hand and was blowing bubbles in my friends room, then my 8 year old cousin walks in and says, 'I wanna blow next!' !
It was Labor Day and we were having a barbeque with some close family friends. My best friends and I were upstairs in the bathroom making water balloons to throw at my other friend, and my 11 year old cousin says while trying to fit the water balloon on the nozzle of the sink, 'I can't stretch it over the thingy!' .
My friend spilt beer all over himself. 'OH It's running down my leg, dammit now it's in my sock.' .
I help out with the 2nd grade Sunday school class at my church. One girl's mother happens to be one of the teachers. We were passing out this dough-type stuff to make a craft, and she explained to her daughter that they were going to stay later to finish it. Referring to the dough that we were passing out, she said, 'So that's why I'm not getting any.' .
My friend was playing with a girls bracelet, trying to push it as far up his arm as he could. He forced it up as far as it could go, then said 'Oh no, it's stuck! We're going to have to cut it off!' .
A guy was giving a speech in English class. He rehearsed it before, but it was still under the minimum time limit. In anger, he exclaimed: 'It's shorter than I remember!' .
I was in Earth science a few days ago, and we were in the middle of a lab. The teacher said to us, 'Now, a lot of you are doing it or have done it before, so you should have some idea of what you're doing.' .
My son's friend came over to visit. Our dogs have a horrible habit of saying hello by sniffing crotches. The girl dog kept putting her nose in his crotch and finally, exasperated, he says to the other one who was joining her, 'Just because she sticks her head in my crotch doesn't mean you can, too.' .
This one requires a little electronics knowledge, but it hilarious if you have it. This girl asked us why one of her transistors wouldn't fit properly, it didn't seem to match up with the circuit board. My friend, who was feeling a bit distracted, said: 'You gotta bend your legs to get the thing in the hole.' .
the other day on the train, it was raining quite hard. we just stopped at a stop where many girls come onto the train, as the got on about three of them said at once 'omg! we're soo wet!'. .
Two old ladies playing with a broken office chair, 'Just sit on it, pull it and it should release.' .
Today I was hanging out with my friend, she was walking on the heels of her shoes. I asked her why she was doing it and she responded with, 'It's rubber and it feels weird.' .
Today, I was having a tour of a castle and one of my friends hated the tall parts. Throughout the castle there were balconies with small holes in them so you could see right down to the bottom. We walked on to another balcony and she said ' Oh god! There's a hole here too!! ' 
I'm in my friends dorm room and we were talking about eating and I told her I didn't want to get crumbs all over her floor. She told me, well tomorrow's my chore day 'so tonight's the night to make it dirty.' 
My co-worker was telling another co-worker about her new IPod. She said 'I like this one because it's skinnier, but longer.' .
Today, I was talking to a friend about the flash drives that retract. She said that it was a bad idea because 'people could stick things in there and jiggle them around and it could ruin the whole system.' 
Today I was eating a muffin that I had made. I broke off a part of it and I could tell it was not going to be dry and crumbly so I turned to my friend and said, 'Oh, it's moist, just the way I like it'. .
the other day, my friend was telling us how she used to play soccer, and she said she used to ignore the game and collect the sticks on the sideline, then she said 'i guess i just liked sticks better than balls' .
Sitting in class my teacher asked me if I had a question. I said 'yes I don't understand.' He followed with 'okay I'll give ya a quickie.' 
When my math teacher was handing out a test once, he says 'i know it's long and hard, but try to stick in there.'
One night we had bought monster energy drinks in anticipation for our early morning. My friend, referring to the fridge, goes 'put your monster in here', 
Today, I was watching The Amazing Race. They had to eat a Wasabi roll. While the man was eating his partner was screaming. Eat it baby! , just eat it! .
My brother and I were eating at a restaurant. He was having trouble squeezing salsa out of a bottle. He says, 'I hate it when it doesn't come out, because you know it's just going to explode.' .
I was playing tennis with my brother and a friend. My brother hits the ball over to my friends side. His tennis racket slips from his hand and he shouts out, 'Damn, I lost my grip!' .
Today in art class I was walking up to the table to grab some glue when the teacher said, 'watch the tip it tends to squirt!' .
I was going to pull into a parking space when some woman across from the space started backing her car up. I didn't want her to hit me so I said 'Bitch, you better not pull out' 
My friend and I were at my house, and we were both on facebook. She commented on one of my posts and the notification instantly popped up on my screen when I said, 'Wow it pops up quick!' .
Okay so i was eating lunch with my sister and her friend. her friend was eating hot dogs while we were eating hamburgers. She had already eaten two, and proceeded to say 'I don't think I can fit another one in me, im just too full!' 
My friend was drinking from a pretty full water bottle, and some water splashed on her face. She then yelled,'Every time I squeeze it, it squirts me in the face!' 
'I was in math class and we were starting on a new unit in math and my Ex-girlfriend says 'This is soo hard.' My teacher then says 'I know it's longer then usual, but don't be afraid of it' .
Ok in biology today, I had a HubbaBubba Squeezepop and its a tube that you squeeze and sour liquid comes out(LMAO). My guy friend goes: 'I love that stuff, give me some.' and I was like no way.. and then he said: 'Come on, just squirt it in my mouth or i'll steal it from you and suck it dry.' .
Today, I was at work and my boss was talking on the phone and then she said ' dont push it too hard, it'll bleed.' .
My friend put together a plate of mozzarella and tomato. I told her it'd be difficult to pick one up with out making a mess she says 'just grab one and put it in your mouth, but be careful, it'll drip.' 
Sitting in drawing class the guy sitting in front of me turned to the guy next to me and said: 'Man you're just too fast for me.' .
In physics class our professor talks for awhile about the right hand rule. When he's done, he tells the 200 person class 'you can all go home and practice with your right hands.' .
I was standing in my house, when my roommate came up behind me and and flicked my ear. When I got mad at him, he asked if I had known he was coming up behind me, so I replied 'I knew you were coming, but I didn't know you were going to do THAT!' 
In my painting class at school today, we were critiquing each other's water-color paintings. A student was commenting on the extensive tonal range in one piece and said, 'It looks pretty huge and well-used.' .
i work in a preschool and another teacher was telling the kids to use hand sanitizer. She said to one kid 'Don't let it drip on the floor. Rub it on your hands' .
Today my girlfriend was noticing the pockets on the shorts I was wearing and saw that one had a zipper on it. She felt it necessary to tell me,'If you accidentally leave that unzipped, all your stuff will fall out.' .
Today, I was in my fitness class. We were learning about how to measure body fat. One of my classmates steps onto a scale and the teacher said 'don't get off until I tell you to.' .
Today, in my international transportation class my teacher was talking about how to properly load shipment containers. He proceeded to say ' you wanna get it right the first time, you don't wanna have to keep putting your cargo in and out and in and out cause something might break' 
I was in a friends car and the buckle for my seatbelt was jammed under the seat. On the way back, someone else was sitting in that spot, and I suggested, 'You might wanna shove your hand down there, and see if you can find it before you get in.' .
my roommate was flossing with a plastic flosser. My friend said ' can you fit that thing all the way in the back of your mouth?' and my roommate said 'easily.' .
I was talking with my friend about a delicious Wawa milkshake that I had made on the more thick setting. I said 'something about it being ultra thick just makes it that much more filling.' .
I was at lunch today and I overheard this girl say, 'I HATE it! He just came out of nowhere!'
My friend Sam, hurt his leg in Cross Country and said in class, 'It's sore when I touch it and when you touch it' .
I was at the dentist and he was about to file in between my teeth. He says 'Now it shouldn't hurt, it just might be a little tight going in there. But once it's in there and going back and forth, there shouldn't be any pain. The only bad thing about it is the annoying grinding noise it makes!' .
A friend and I were going to Subway. In anticipation, he exclaimed 'I just can't wait to get that 6 inch in my mouth!' .
My friend was smoking a cigarette and was turning around to look at someone who was walking behind her. She accidentally let out the smoke at the exact moment he was standing next to her and she exclaimed, 'Oh sorry! I just blew in your face!' .
There's a t-shirt in my school thats for the track team. It says 'Go hard or go home.' 
Today at lunch my friend brought out a bag of small pickles. Since i didn't know they were so small i simply said 'I thought they were supposed to be bigger' .
I was playing with my club at a game when our coach said for us to keep passing but my friend was just dribbling past everyone by himself. So my coach shouted out ' Stop playing with your self and get on with it, come on boys i want this to be fast paced' .
At soccer training the other day we got new soccer balls and the size was smaller than our old ones so my coach was like 'I liked the big balls better.' .
A line from the song 'Addicted' by Kelly Clarkson: 'It's like I can't breathe without you inside of me.' .
My friend got and ID holder for her student ID. She said that she didnt understand how to do it. I said ' you just slide it in and that's it'. .
I was lifting weights at the gym with my best friend, a girl. She was helping me re-rack my weights (85lb dumbbells). I asked her, are you okay? She replied, 'It's too big, I need both hands.' .
We were working in the kitchen at applebee's my friend had several orders going at once, the server said, Hey can I get my spinach dip right away? my friend replied 'Yeah, hold on. let me work the other one' .
I was playing lacrosse on a wet field with my friends, and mud started getting on my sweats. I said 'Great, my pants are getting wet.' 
My friend got his eyebrow pierce, and sent me a picture of it. Being concious of the new piercing he asked 'are the balls too small??' 
Last night my friend and I went to the beach. She mentioned that she had never walked all the way along the pier. I replied with 'well tonight we're going all the way!' .
My friend and i were walking down the hallway at school and we were chewgum she spit her gum in the garbage and said ' i spit that out, usually i swallow that sh*it' 
So my boys and I were on a ferry coming home from Marthas Vineyard and our jeeps were covered in sand n mud from off-roading on the beach all week n well My friend said 'Bro, your jeeps pretty filthy' n I replied w.out even thinking 'Yeah when I get home im gunna rub her down for about an hour n then wax that bitch'! .
My son was learning to snowboard and falling frequently. When we were on the chairlift late in the day I asked him how he was enjoying it. He said 'My ass is really sore, but I like it a lot.' 
In criminal justice class, we were giving out punishments for crimes. the teacher asked 'who wants to be the giver this time? and who wants to be the receiver?' this old lady in class said 
There is a Trolly in Boston that says 'Hop On And Off All Day' on the front of it. 
Today, I was texting my guy friend and I asked him if he's ever gona skiing. He made a typo on the word blocks and it came out as,'Yup. Done a couple blacks, you know nothing major.' 
I met this new guy at lunch today and after seeing what I was eating he asked, 'Are you a vegetarian?' I laughed and said, 'No WAY! I LOVE MEAT!' .
Ok, so I was hanging out at my friend across the street's house and we were just hanging out in her living room. Her sister was in the living room with us, but then disappeared into the other half of the house. suddenly from my friends room we hear 'Your bed is comfortable!' .
The other day, I was in art class. We were sketching out the human body when my art teacher said, ' If my whole hand covers it, then it's too small.' .
My math teacher was writing up the long list of homework questions for the day on the board. We all groaned at the work we had, and one student yelled out, 'But, its so long and hard!' .
Today I was watching the footy show when one of the guest footy players was talking about another when he said 'yeh he was a little bit stiff though.' .
So today I was playing sand volleyball with some friends to enjoy our Friday. One of the girls playing was hit with the ball in the face. She proceeds to say, “I always seem to be taking it in the face.” .
We were wakeboarding for labor day weekend and my friends dad was trying to pull one of the girls on board using the wakeboard...he said 'just grab it and shove it up there' .
I was at a soccer game when one of the players went down with a foot injury. After conferring with the ref.'s he announced to the stadium that, 'I'm bleeding and it hurts, but I think we should just finish.' .
This morning working at McDonalds, the crew trainer and I were re-stacking crates of buns. One stack was getting close to being as tall as it could be. I suggested that one more be put on top. My crew trainer said 'Maybe you can get it in, but it'll be a tight fit.' .
Today, I was watching a movie about a girl being rude to another girl in high school. The first girl says to the other: 'I'm sorry I was riding you so hard.' .
I lent my bro a belt one day, he took a look at one of the loop hole thingies which was all frayed and torn , he then said ' Jaysus u ripped the shit outa that hole!' .
I work at an ice cream place. As one of my co-workers was pouring some milk into a frappe that was already blending, the milk squirted out onto her shirt. She proceeds to say, 'AHHH! This one's a squirter! Somehow it sprayed into my ear too!! Grr now im gonna have smelly white crap all over my shirt all day. It's bad enough i'm already drenched in sweat.' .
My mom was saying something about a Butterfinger she ate this morning. She said 'When I opened it it was hard, then I bit into it and it tasted bad.' My sister then says 'Yeah, I don't like them hard.' 
My roommate and I were at a produce stand looking for peaches to make a peach cobbler. She picked a peach up and I told her I thought it was ugly, and her response was 'It looks funny, but it feels really good'. 
I got my boyfriend to try some new fruit today. While he was peeling it he said, 'Geez, it's dripping everywhere!' 
My mom's boyfriend was at our house today making mashed potatoes as part of our dinner. I tasted them and remarked that they were sort of dry, and he said, 'I can make it wetter if you want.' 
while my buddy was driving through a parking lot the other day he thought he saw an open spot. however, when he got there he saw a motorcyle parked there. as he drove away he said 'that was the worst seven seconds of my life.' .
Today at work, my co-worker was trying to throw garbage in the trash can from across the lobby. When he missed his shot he said 'Dang, I felt that one go in.' .
I was talking to a friend's husband who had just fixed her horse trailer. 'How did you do it?' I asked. His reply: 'I just bang it hard til it submits.' .
My friend and I were at a Bar and saw one of those 'Golden Tee' games. He asked how much it cost to play. I told him 'its 50 cents a hole.' .
My mom's boyfriend was over at our house this morning, and we were eating watermelon. Picking up a slice, he said, 'Wow, it's so big! I can't even open my mouth wide enough to fit the whole thing in!' .
Today in my Jewelerymaking class, we were learning how to make rivets out of metal tubing. The professor told us that the hole we drilled wouldn't always be the right size, saying that 'You're gonna have to play with getting your hole wide enough.' .
Our chaplain was preaching and he used the example of him cheering for one of his friends in a high school track meet and he goes 'i was trying to cheer the pants off of him.' 
I was reading Great Expectations and Pip said 'everything about our intercourse pained me'. .
Today at the beach , my friend says ' omg I'm so wet!' . I then replied ' I know let's go in deeper '. .
I was talking to my friend after lunch and his friend had a juice box and it was completely full and he had a straw in it and aimed it at us and I said: 'Please don't spray that!' .
My friend was trying to convince me to blow dry my hair. 'I'm not blowing anything!' 
Today, me and this girl I work with were trying to figure out how to fit an extra box of tarps on a shelf and she said 'If I only had a few more inches.' .
My wife and I went to the store the other day with our son. She went to grab a cart while I went ahead carrying him. Once inside she starts digging for something in her purse. She then stops, looks at our son and points at the cart saying, 'Aren't you going to put him in? That's what I've been waiting for.' .
So my friend cut herself open and she said what should I do and I said in response, 'Would you say that it's more wide or deep?' .
A friend of mine was staring at a leaky sink during science class. After a while he says, 'Hmm, its wet...but it's not turned on.' .
My brother and his friend were driving in his car. His air conditioner is broke but his friend cranked it and dust blew straight in his eye. His Reaction 'Aw! It just blew junk in my eye'. My Brother's response:'Sorry I just don't use it that often' .
Me and a co-worker were cleaning some food racks at our work. i was cleaning the top and she was cleaning the bottom. she got some dust in her mouth and said 'it went right in my mouth! ew ew ew' .
So my friends and i were playing a card game called president. A losing friend was being helped by another kid and he couldn't see all his cards so he said 'Spread it out so i can see it better.' 
At work our trainer was showing someone how to clean the centrifuge. It has cups that you have to take out and grease the lips so that they can swing freely. She told the trainee they had to 'lube the lips.' .
I was in my 6th period history class and my teacher was talking about a skiing trip he took a while back and he was conversing with another student about falling in the snow he said he had done it many times and this is when he said 'oh, man! I have never been so wet and sore in my whole life' .
Today, my grandpa, my dad and I went on a 'boys day out' and went golfing. My grandpa was incredibly slow at hitting the last ball. My dad and I needed to get home by 6 and we were running late. My grandpa was something like 8 over par and nowhere near the flag. In my fathers frustration, he yells out to my grandpa, 'Come on, just get it in the hole! Its not even that hard!' .
We were sitting at work and our secretary was on the phone with one of our clients. They were talking about someone leaving their current position. And she said 'that would be a nice slot to fill'. .
I was with my friend when she sent me a link. I was writing a story for my blog at the time. I said, 'Hold on, I just want to get it up and done.' 
My friend was showing another friend who is a girl some martial arts moves, he was trying to push her down and she said, 'Use one finger, not your whole fist.' .
Today, I was complaining to my friend about my mum buying pavlova, but not buying any cream. She responded with 'I'll give you some cream'. .
Closing time at our store, so i began to mop the floors.. one of the wheels on the mop bucket caught a crack while I was pushing it and stopped instantly, splashing water up the back of a female co-worker. 'AH! you got me all wet!' .
Co-worker putting together a database and we have concerns about the uniqueness of entries. He said 'Guess we'll just have to play with it and see what comes out'. .
My math teacher was teaching us some complicated formula which nobody understood at first. He reassured us 'Don't worry it's hard at first, but the more you do it the more you get used to it' .
On an Ozzy Osbourne video on YouTube someone made a comment that said 'First time seeing this video. Did Zakk get much bigger since then, or? is it just me? ' .
I was playing poker with a bunch of friends. A (busty) female friend of mine was trying to see the cards on the table, but was having difficulty. When asked why she doesn't just move and look, she replied (referring to her cards) 'but if I lean over, everyone will see them.' 
So today, my dad and I were building a side table from Ikea. You know, the kind with easy instructions. I wasn't sure where to put the screw in and he said 'There's two sizes of holes and it will only fit in the one. Make sure you get it right!' .
Today at work, I was on break with a coworker talking about another coworker who is 18 and has not yet gotten his drivers license. Without thinking, I said 'Ive been pounding that into him for the last year and a half.' .
I was walking into a cathedral in Europe with some friends... a girl who was in a tour group ahead of us stood in wonder as she looked around and said 'wow.. that's a massive organ'. .
My little brother was playing a game on his favourite website. The goal of the game is to get the creature into the hole. I look over and he has JUST missed the hole, when he shouts out 'Dang it, I was almost in!' 'That hit would have scored me so many points!' 
Once at a Christmas party my friends and I were trying to come up with the best  of the night. It was my turn and I'd started one but couldn't finish it, so to encourage me a friend says, 'Just keep pushing, it'll come.' .
Today at the dining hall, a guy and a girl walked by. He wanted her to put her cup on his tray, but she said 'Just keep going, I'll put it on later.' .
Today, I was in the car with a friend listening to Day and night which has a strong bass. She suddenly said 'I can feel the vibration against my legs'. .
One of my friends was over at my house and she was trying to brush a snarl out of my hair. Without realizing it, I said, 'Just pull it out gently.' .
This morning my friend and I were playing Minesweeper in the computer lab. She had never played before and wanted to change the level. She asked me 'This thing is so tiny! How do I make it bigger?' .
Today we were at a wedding reception and the groom was taking off the brides garter and the female DJ was saying 'you have to grind it nice and slow, that what us woman like' .
I was standing at one end of the hallway listening in on these two girls' conversation. One girl asked the other about her eyebrow ring, and the girl replied 'It hurts when I put it in and out.' .
my roommate wanted my other roommate to move her cat's litter box downstairs cause it smelled too bad. I said he was being too saucy, to which he replied that he 'just doesn't like gagging.' .
I was in a dollar store, and I found an electronic talking pillow with a tag saying 'Turn me on and try me!' .
We were sitting in class and a bunch of boys from our class were standing outside the door, and the teacher said 'Hurry up and come inside.' .
Today in my jewelry making class, we were learning how to rivet using a piece of copper tube. The professor stressed how important it was to make sure the sizes matched up: 'The rod's gotta fit in the hole real nice and tight. If it slides right in, the hole's too big.' .
One time a friend was driving my crappy car for me because I was tipsy in the passengers seat. They were having trouble getting out of the garage, and I told them, 'It's no biggie, you can just back up into my pole'. .
My friend and i were playing guitar hero and he was trying to convince me to play extreme He then said ' just go big or go home.' 
My friend and I work at a sub place. A regular customer always calls in an order but it is hard to understand him because of his accent. He ends up ordering the same thing every time. My friend said to him when he called today, 'I know who you are. I know what you like. I know how you like it. Be here in 15-20 minutes.' .
I was in Friendly's today with my famiily. While sitting at the booth, my dad got a splinter from the booth. He said 'ow', and my mom asked what's wrong. He said he got a splinter. Then without realizing she said, 'oh, you got wood?' .
My friend was drinking water when all of a sudden she started coughing. The water had gone down her trachea instead of her esophagus. She said that she 'put it in the wrong hole'. .
Today, me and my girlfriend were installing a cable box. Frustrated she says 'I don't get how this works, the thing won't fit in the hole!' 
The other day in Chemistry class our teacher was explaining gamma rays or something (I wasn't really paying attention) and at some point during the lecture he holds his hands up about 6 inches apart and says 'They penetrate into you about this much.' .
My friends and I were watching the original Star Wars right when the rebels were winning at the Battle of Yavin, and Governor Tarkin was told to retreat. He replied, 'Pull out now?? In our moment of triumph??' .
Today a lady I work with was tossing bouncing balls around the office. She stated when she was younger 'she played with bouncy balls all the time'. .
Me and a co-worker were cleaning some food racks at our work. i was cleaning the top and she was cleaning the bottom. she got some dust in her mouth and said 'it went right in my mouth! ew ew ew.' 
While eating a delicious dinner, my little sister said 'It's times like these where i wish my mouth was bigger.' 
today my friend was putting paper into a plastic sleeve, i laughed and said 'ha you cant fit it in' and he said 'yeah cause its too thick..' 
Today my mom was using a toothpick, and after a while she goes, 'Man I hate the feeling of wet wood in my mouth'. .
While speaking on the phone, I told Joselyne that I had a deep voice. After Joselyne proceeded to tell me that my voice wasn't deep enough, I changed my voice to a deeper tone. Then she goes, 'what?! that thing is not deep.' .
we were sitting at the lunch table one day when one of my friends took out a mini dove chocolate and took a bite. my other friend said, 'normally i just shove it in and suck it.' 
I was in gym class and we were learning CPR. My teacher, referring to the chest rising when you blow into the mouth said, 'Now, if it's not rising, you may want to reposition your head!' !
I was telling my girlfriend I hadn't had a grilled cheese in so long. And I told her I was going to make one with her name on it. As I told her that, she's like 'You're eating me!' once she clued in to what she said, she said 'Oh Fuck!' .
We were in the elevator at the Borgata in Atlantic City and once we reached the floor, the female elevator voice goes, 'going down now.' .
Today, I was talking with a friend on the phone. After she said be right back, I heard her tell someone 'Come in the other way, and you've gotta stay in!' .
I work at a food place and we have a bucket of sanitizer water and rags to wipe off tables in between customers. For some reason whenever I reach into the bucket, all the rags are missing. Today after I soaked my hand in sanitizer and coming back with no rag, I turned to my coworker and said, 'Man, I hate reaching down there and not finding anything.' .
Today at soccer practice I was having trouble with sideline kicks . So my coach says ' some people do it different ways , some use there hands and go rough and some just don't care and go easy.' 
On a bus ride back to school we passed Dick's Sporting Goods and my female friend said, 'Oh my gosh, I love Dick's!' .
My mom was eating steak at dinner and i said how it was too tough to cut. Then she said 'I like my meat hard.' .
Today, me and my friend were sitting at her computer, and her dog was on my lap. The dog was really sleepy and nibbling my bracelet, and I looked down at him and said, 'It's sooo cute when you nibble it softly like that!' .
My friend and I were on vacation at beach and a big wave crashed into us. She said 'Wow, I didn't know what to expect and then it just came on my face.' 
I was at my friends house, hanging out in the basement. Her mom came down to get some blankets, when she got a sliver in her foot. She then said 'Ahhhhhh, Ohhhhh, it went right in there.' 
Today at a toy store i saw a large stuffed girrafe. It had a sign on it that said 'Please do not ride me' .
My girlfriend and I were lining up for a roller-coaster ride. When it came to our turn to get in she said to me, 'Do you want the front or back?' .
While at the post office today, I was talking to my mom about how she's always there mailing orders. She said, 'I hope to come everyday because that means I make money everyday'. 
Today, me and my friend were playing Jenga at camp with a few little kids and the little kids' camp counsler. One of the kids slowly pulls out the block until my friend gets frustrated and yells, 'Pull it out! Pull it out! Pull it out!' .
Me and my friends were talking about how we all went golfing the other day, and one of my friends said 'Ya i whacked those balls so hard!' .
My sister was taking ice out of the cooler and she got ice on the floor. My friend stepped in it and said, 'Now I'm all wet.' and I replied with, ' You're getting her all wet just put it in.' 
I was at work and we always print off schedules and hand them out at meetings. We had a week coming up with a lot of events so each schedule printout was going to be a bunch of pages. When my boss walked in the room I said, 'Is it thick?'. .
We were at the video store, and my husband's bank card wasn't registering when he swiped it. The girl at the counter said 'no, no, you have to do it harder and faster.' .
Was at a Subway with my friend today and after paying he says 'Man I love footlongs!' 
My brother was talking about the best way to deal with mosquito bites. His solution? 'You have to lick it and then blow it.' 
This morning my chemistry teacher was having us sing the happy birthday song in class. Before we started he said to us 'Now let's do this loud and hard and fast, like it was meant to be done.' .
My ecstatic friend was over and I pulled a juice cube out of the freezer ice tray. sitting back down, she said 'get me one!' I said 'nooo, i have to hold this in my hand, i wont be able to get it out' she replied 'just put it in your mouth then you can use your hands!' .
Me and my friends were getting ready for our play today and I was styling someones hair. I put the gel in and started shaping it, when they said 'You have to wait for it to get hard first!' .
I was sitting at a restaurant with 3 friends. When we were finished eating, the waiter came and asked my friend if she was done with her plate, or whether she 'could fit a little more in.' .
So my friend told us that he could stick his whole fist in his mouth and I didn't think he could do it. I said, 'You cannot fit that WHOLE thing in your mouth' to which he replied, 'Yeah I can, I've done it before, just never in front of people' .
I was at the Cheap Trick/Poison/Def Leppard concert today with my friend. In between Cheap Trick and Poison she looked at me and said, 'It should only take 15 minutes to change sets. They're running late' I looked back and said, 'The longer they make you wait, the louder you'll scream.' .
My friends and I were playing foosball. My team won, and my teammate misplaced the ball. Our other friend says 'You have to put it in when you score!' .
I was helping my aunt cleaning up the garden. We dug up some holes to put in some new plants we bought. She handed me a small tree and said 'Just put it in any hole that's wet enough...' .
oday while playing dodge ball, the owner of the gym we rent from told us our hour was up. While everyone was complaining how we never have enough time, one person said 'Everyone finally gets into it and then it's over!' .
I was at Macca's having a frozen coke, in which i was blowing bubbles, i managed to hold the coke up with a large bubble . My Gf turns to me and says ' Wow, how do you keep it up' .
My friend &amp; I were on the phone last night, and we were talking about this new pillow that he just bought. He was super excited about it, so I asked him if it was anything special, like a body pillow and he said 'no, it's just bigger than what I'm used to.' .
I was in roll call with my friend and i was being stupid and asked him how a key worked, He said 'well you see you have the shaft and you stick it into the hole' 
Today, I was watching a Harry Potter movie. The one where Snape and Harry practice occlumency. Harry then shouts at Snape while getting up, 'We've been at it for hours! Can't we just rest?!' .
I was at work and asking my friend about the dentist, she replied with 'I hated it, I don't like people in my mouth'. 
Today, my friend bought a snack with a funny name and offered me some, 'Wanna tast my Fazoozle?' .
Today me and some friends were playing a game and had just passed to the next round when one of my friends excitingly jumps up and down and says, 'This is the farthest I've ever gone!' 
Today, we were playing a game at my summer camp where you pretend to shoot someone and if the person next to you is shot, you have to shoot the nearest person and yell BANG. This kid got shot and was out of the game and complained to the the teacher, 'But I banged him!' 
I was looking at an apartment for rent. The sales guy was showing me the closet and said 'It's really big and goes in really deep too.' .
I was watching the Golden Girls (dont ask why), and as one of the friends was giving the other a wedding blessing, the other responds with ' Im touched, and im also soaking wet!' .
I was tossing a baseball with my friend when another friend sitting nearby asked to see the ball so i tossed it to him. He missed the throw and then said, 'Next time, gently place it in my hands.' .
Me and a friend were eating lunch. When he opened up a bag of Sour Patch Kids he had bought, he looked down in it and said, 'There's not enough in this package!' .
We were in gym class doing the beep test when the teacher said 'you have to go hard at it for 30 seconds' 
one time i was unloading a big rig full of computer monitors after all the truck was empty the guy helping me yell up to the driver ,'ok you can pull out now'. 
While curling my friend couldn't tell if her stone had slid into the rings at the other end of the ice, so she yelled to me, 'Is that one in? ...I can't tell.' .
The other day my friends and I were playing on my new slip and slide that comes with a skim board to go down the slide. My friend tried it and stayed on the board from the start to finish. He came back beaming and said, 'That's the longest ride I've ever had!' .
My friend was gonna eat a yogurt cup. When she opened it, it exploded all over her face, she said 'ewwwww, it's in my hair... some one go get me a towel!' 
middle school art class. a bunch of us are sitting in the back of the classroom, where the drying rack and other supplies are. one student, justin, takes his pencil and moves it up and down along the metal drying rack shelves so it makes a tingtingting sound in the middle of class. the teacher yells out for all to hear, 'Justin, stop playing with my rack!' 
So my friends and I were fixing my little sister's computer. I don't know much so I sat and watch what the monitor does. One of my friends said, 'What happens if I do this?' He unplugged something and the monitor went weird. I shouted, 'Put it back in and don't take it out!' .
I was at my favorite restaurant, chatting with friends, and munching on a breadstick dipped in alfredo sauce. my friend looks at me and says, 'bet you can't stick that whole thing in your mouth!' .
Some of my co-workers were teasing my friend. We're the only two girls working. So she raise a ketchup bottle at one of the guys and said, 'I'll squeeze it if I have to.' .
I was in a tent playing cards and somebody suggested that we should eat smores inside cause it was cold, and then my girlfriend said 'do you know how messy it will get if we do that in the tent?' 
I was at work and I gave a guy an Airhead, then another guy walks up and says can I have one, I then handed him a watermelon Airhead. He said 'I wanted cherry' I said 'Sorry but Jason already got my cherry'. .
I work at a pool, and today a kid was pulling out the rope we use to close off the diving board. As he did so, he said 'Wow, this thing is longer than I thought it was. We could jump rope with it!' .
Today I was listening to a song by The Cure. One of the lines is 'I feel so big, it almost hurts.' .
I was at my friend's house playing Rock Band because they just got it. She invited a lot of people over who have played the game. So I set myself for guitar. I asked, 'So what level are you going on?' He answered, 'Medium. What about you?' 'Oh I'm easy, I'm always easy.' .
A mate of mine was talking about waves (and surfing) when he says, 'Then I caught a MASSIVE one and rode it till all that white stuff was gone!'. 
Last week, my mom wanted me to eat something I had never eaten before. I asked her how it tasted and she said 'It's an acquired taste.' .
I was working at Quiznos with a female co-worker when she changed out the sierra mist syrup. She got a little in her eye when she yelled, 'I got it in my eye! It's stinging and burning!!' .
so my friend pablo was sitting at the lunch table and we were eating hot dogs and my friend looked at his hot dog and said 'its so small and skinny and it has no juice.' .
I was out to breakfast with my father and his younger coworker. After my dad ordered the largest meal available at the place, he sat back smiling and said, 'Man! I'm sure going to get a big load today!' 
My sister was trying to plug in her laptop to charge it but realized it was the cord for her PSP and she said 'I took so long trying to shove it in the damn hole!' i was like that's what she said, then she showed me the differences of the cords and said 'See look at how much smaller it is' 
After getting off of a water ride at an amusement park, my friend, who was barely sprinkled with water, says, 'Shew, I wish a ride could get me wet for once.' .
At a family gathering everyone was trying to put the cork back into a wine bottle.. My brother said ' I'm having a hard time getting it in. It just won't go in its too big.' .
I was sitting outside my school with a friend and I looked over to the road entering the parking lot and saw an RV that looked like it was going to turn right into the lot and I said 'Is that THING going to come in HERE?' .
A coworker and I were looking at a long Excel spreadsheet and she was talking about how she wished the entire document could fit on the screen without having to scroll down. I told her to just zoom out and when I did it to show her, she said, 'it's so tiny, it hurts my eyes.' .
Recently on a tv show my son watches, the host was talking about how plants love water. After receiving some water, the flower puppet next to him says, 'Mmmmmm, wonderful and wet! I really needed that.' 
Playing a get to know you game at camp. 'This game is called positions. You'll need a partner.' *giggles throughout the class* 'Now, You all need to be up for this game.' .
I was at Ruby Tuesdays the other day with some coworkers (a guy and a girl). The guy ordered the big pound burger there, and he was struggling to get his mouth around it when the girl said, 'I just love watching you try to get your mouth around that.' . His reply, 'This one is not as big as some of the others I have had.' .
One day my friend from my genetics class complained to me about our idle-minded teacher who forgot to enter his grades into the computer. My friend said to me, 'I hate how he always puts it in at the wrong time.' .
In an msn conversation, I was teasing a friend about having to get over his romance with his laptop, and he replied with 'It's so hard, it's become a part of me' .
So I was eating lunch with some friends the other day and we were having sandwiches. All of a sudden, my one friend just randomly exclaims, 'I love the taste, but it's just too big to fit in my mouth!' .
Me and my friends went to the grocery store one night and walked into the bulk isle with walnuts, peanuts, almonds...'whoa that's a lot of nuts' .
Two carpenters were building a deck. They were using wood screws and lubricating them with beeswax. One said to the other 'Make sure you lube it up before you drill it in.' .
so i was flipping through the channels and i saw that jeopardy was on...it was college week or something and one of the categories was 'you gotta ride that' and the one girls like 'I'll take a ride on that for $600!' .
I was trying to push in a drawer at work, and frustrated that it wouldn't go in, I said to my friend who was nearby,'This is sticking out!', She replied with her typical comeback: 'You're sticking out' 
On the way to Wonderland when we stopped to get gas. The plaza had a Mega Wraps restaurant in it. Their slogan read: 'If the SIZE doesn't amaze you, the TASTE will!' .
i was standing in line at a bakery waiting to order breakfast and there was a woman holding her young child in her arms. As i was standing there he started to elbow her in the stomach, and she said 'honey stop sticking your bones into people's soft spots!' .
My friends and I were eating at McDonalds when one of them challenged me to an arm wrestle. She was straining and I wasn't moving at all. Exasperated, she said, 'What the hell, man? I'm putting in so much effort here and you're putting in none at all! You have to do some of the work, too!' 
My friend and I were doing a really big puzzle. I was wondering where to put a piece and she said 'You can feel free to put it anywhere you want.' 
Our band director was talking to the trumpet players on how to play a certain part in the music and he says 'you guys are never going to get a good sound that way, it doesn't matter if your fingerings are perfect or if your tounging is great, if you don't control your air and blow in a steady unbreakable stream, you will never be successful! its all in how you blow!' 
I was on a business trip with a couple of friends and while we were in the car driving to a meeting we passed a Good Will Center that had a sign on the front that said 'Donations accepted in the rear' .
My family and I were eating at an asian deli, and they were trying the different types of noodles and arguing about what kind was the best. 'Mine is thicker, so it's better in your mouth,' my little sibling said. 'So what, mine's longer!' my Dad replied. 'Remember, guys, it's not about the size, it's all about the taste,' my mom added. .
My friends and i were hitting around a balloon. One of my friends hit my other friend in the face and said 'it only gets hard when it hits me in the face.' 
My friend, who rides horses, her friend, and I were in a tree. She was straddling an upright fork, and said 'Straddling wood is more comfortable for me, because I ride.' .
a couple of friends wanted some late night food. my buddy offered to drive. my buddy offered to drive everyone in his truck so he said 'let's all just squeeze in and we'll have a good time.' .
My friend let me borrow her goggles. It was stuck in my hair, so she tried pulling it out. She said, 'Ugh, I can't get it out!' .
Me and my friend were at church playing army dodgeball. He had gotten both his legs hit so he got down. At the same time he was able to grab my other friend and take him down. he then said 'It was so worth getting on my knees for that.' .
My friends and I were out a pool, my friend who was smoking a cigar, said 'I usually try to get as much ash (sounding like ass) as possible until I have to knock it off...my record is only 2 inches.' .
As I was helping my mom wash the dishes, our drain got plugged up, and water began to fill into the sink. As I proceeded to fix it, my mom said 'it'll go down by itself, no need for you to stick your fingers down there'. 
My friends and I were playing scrabble. One of them used the only available letter 'e'. The girl who had the next turn said 'What'd you have to do that for?! I wanted to make 'love'!' .
I was cooking a roast with my mom, and I wasn't paying attention to what I was doing and I forgot to put some aluminum foil on it before I put it in the oven. My mom stopped me saying, 'Wait! you have to wrap it up before you just stick it in!' .
My friend's mom bought her little brother a long candy snake from the local candy store. As he took off the wrapper, the mother says to the little boy: 'That's a mighty big snake. I don't know if you'll be able to fit it all in your mouth.' .
So I had finally got around to buying Portal, and my friend wanted to know how it was. I told him it was pretty short; I'd completed half the test chambers in an hour. So he says to me, 'I heard it was short, but not that short.' .
I asked my friend to plug in my cell phone charger under the desk, but she was lazy so she pointed across the room and said: 'Just put it in that hole so I don't have to bend over.' 
Today I washed my mom's car. As I was washing I thought 'Man this thing looks small but it's got alot of surface area.' 
I was looking at my Facebook news feed, and saw this wall post. 'XXXXXXX to YYYYYY: omg awesomee!!!! How long was it? Did you have funnnn???' .
My boyfriend and I were talking about our date last night, he said 'I know, it was soooo fast' .
Today I was at work at a summer day camp and my coworkers and I were playing a dance game with the kids. It's a game called ride that pony and you have to pretend to ride a pony for a little bit. When I explained the game to my coworker she said 'give me something to ride!' .
So we were playing Apples to Apples during school, there are a lot of us and after all the cards were passed out, one girl asks: 'Is everybody in?' - .
I had just made a bad joke that really didn't even make sense, and this girl said, 'Wow, that's really stretching it!' 
I was in the passenger seat of my friend's car driving in the rain. As he was driving, my friend ran over a huge puddle, spraying water all over this girl standing on the sidewalk. My friend turns to me and says 'Wow! I got her pants so wet!' !
My band director was yelling and another kid to get out of his office because 'other people need to get in there.' .
I was about to take my algebra final exam, and i asked my teacher if it was hard. His answer: 'It's long, but its not hard.' .
My friend and I were webcamming last night, and she clicked on something which made my screenview larger than hers and she said, 'Whoa, I made it bigger!' .
The other day i was using a brush and shovel after sweeping the floor, and i said to my friend 'oh my knees hurt, can you remind me not to kneel next time?' 
I was in the kitchen with my mom and dog. She was standing on her hind legs and i was petting her belly (she's small so its easy). I do that because my mom and i love her facial expression gets all sweet. Then my mom preceeds to say while she rubs her back, 'You get the front and i'll get the back.' 
I was in the car with my sister, and she had gotten a drink from mcdonalds. she asked me to put the straw in. i then said, 'slow down, i can't get it in the hole.' .
One of our maths tutors (a senior boy) was telling off a girl in class that had only done the easier questions in our homework, and he told her, 'If you only do easy ones, then you'll be screwed when you come across a hard one.' 
My sister was bringing her laptop upstairs to her room but the cord was trailing behind her and I asked, 'Do you need any help getting it up? Wait...' .
I work in a warehouse where we load boxes onto trailers. Today I overheard 'No, it won't fit in that spot! Try the other hole ... See? It fits better in there.' 
I was buying some beer at a specialty store when a lady came in to ask about food. The manager told us that they are out of bread and can't make sandwiches and she said, 'It's ok, I just want your meat.' .
We had a water balloon fight on my grandma's porch. My sister got up to go inside and said 'It's so wet down here.' .
Many years ago, after an auto accident, I had some serious back pain. My cousin and her new husband were visiting and my boyfriend stopped by. As they were all leaving, he asked what I was going to do, and I replied, 'I'm going to get my vibrator and go to bed!' .
I was playing golf the other day in a foursome. We went from the 9th green to the 11th tee box. As I was lining up to hit my drive one of the other players, realizing that we had skipped the 10th, shouted out 'WRONG HOLE!' 
I was out with friends. I had a bottle of fizzy juice. I opened it, and it exploded on me. Without realising, I yelled, 'I'M ALL WET AND STICKY!' .
My friend and I were talking on Facebook chat and I gave him my new cell number so he could text me. I never got the text so he asked if I was sure that the number was correct. Without thinking, I replied: 'Ya, that's the right one. I think you're putting it in wrong.' .
As a friend and I were swimming in the pool, we were discussing how deep we like to swim. 'I don't like it going in really deep at first, but then when I warm up I like going down,' she said. .
Me and my friends were at the beach volleyball court and the ball rolled into some trees. While trying to get it my friend said 'Maybe you should go around the other side' to which i replied 'I think I can get in there. Wait, it's stuck in the bush, I don't know if I can get it out...' .
I was watching the movie The Haunting in Connecticut late one night with my family. The main character Matt is being haunted and finally confiding in his sister about this boy who is haunting him. He looks to her and somberly says 'Okay, I wake up in the middle of the night, and it feels like he's been inside me'. .
Once me and my cousin were putting in new blinds in his bathroom. There was a window above the bath so it was pretty difficult setting it up, but he had one leg on one end of the bath and the other leg on the other end. He had an automatic screwdriver and I was handing him the pieces and screws and stuff like that. He was screwing in a screw when he said, 'man, this is a weird screwing position.' . 'haha, but seriously its hard.' .
We were at the pool one afternoon and it started to drizzle, some kid accidently threw the ball in the 9 feet depth part of the pool, he was about 8 years old and he tells his older sister he's going to go get it and she yells, 'Leave it in!! I'm getting wet, and its already in too deep!!' 
I was texting this boy and we were really hitting it off well. He told me he was 'really into me.' I replied and said 'Really? I couldn't tell... How into me are you?' .
While frosting cookies with several friends, we had serious issues getting the white frosting to come out of the tube, my bf ingeniously tell me to 'Knead it first, then you gotta suqeeze to get the white stuff out' 
During an ophthalmology instructional lecture given by the vice chair of our department, he was explaining how to perform cataract surgery. He then proceeded to talk about difficult cataract extractions, and said: 'What can mess things up is if it's really hard because if it's too hard, you'll be in there for over an hour just putzing around.' .
My friend was complaining about how her boyfriend plays too much and used the example of him squirting her with his water bottle, 'I told him a thousand times not to squirt it in my face but he did it anyway!' 
My teacher was helping me and a friend do a science project. we were trying to get a ruler level on a scale. as we were adjusting the ruler to make it level my friend was saying, 'just a little bit more, little bit more, yeah right there.' .
Today, my mom was in our garage waiting for me to get in the car so she could go to the store. I was inside getting ready, and she was sick of waiting. So, she called our house on her cell phone and I answered. She screams 'I'm pulling out now!' to which I replied 'Just hold on, I'm coming!' .
I was talking to my friend about my top ear piercing and how I was trying to put a sleeper through but was unsuccessful. I explained it to her like this, 'It wouldn't fit in the hole' then saying, 'there was blood everywhere' .
So I was mini-golfing with my friends, and there were two identical holes: Up a hill, and sunk. Without realizing what I did, I uttered 'Didn't we already do this hole?' .
My roommate and I were at the club when the DJ played a mixed song. After pausing and realizing that it was a mixed song, my roommate says, 'Wow, it's not as hard as it's supposed to be.' .
During the summer I work with kids and the other day we had a circus-themed day for them. One of the other teens was trying to teach them how to juggle and she said 'Just hold the two balls in your hand before doing anything else with them' .
I was in the car with my family and some friends and also a puppy. everyone was yelling at each other that they wanted to hold it. and one girl in the car says 'well if he comes in to my hands i can do what i want with him'. .
My band director has a bad habit of accidentally saying innapropriate things. It was raining one day, and we had to put our horns in our cases to keep them dry. As we did, he said: 'Try to rub it off before you stick it in.' .
Me and my girl were pogosticking and I told her to take the white one and not the black and she said, 'Screw the white one the black ones bigger and you get more bounce off of it. Who cares if its a little hard to control!' .
I was telling my friend that since she has a license, she should rent a van and we should go together for vacation as a group... she yelled at me : 'Holy cow, this thing is scary, it's too big for me.' .
My guy friend and I were eating out when he opened his bag of Doritos. I told him to try and let me catch one in my mouth. He took a small piece, threw and missed. We tried a few more times, failed, and after one Dorito piece hit me right in the nose, I screamed at him, 'Get it in my mouth, not on my face!' .
I was directing a high school production of Alice in Wonderland, and we were working on the croquet match scene, using the stuffed 'flamingo' mallets and the rubber 'hedgehog' balls for the first time. The grade 9 girl playing Alice was having trouble making her flamingo move; instead she was focused totally on hitting the hedgehog. I yelled, 'Worry less about the ball and more about the head!' .
A few friends and I were having a bon fire in the backyard. The fire was wearing down and my friend was too afraid to get too close to the flames. She proceeded to say, 'Alright, I'm going to need one of you manly men to put some wood in for me.' .
A Woman Co-Worker was eating a payday she began to choke and said 'The Nut went down the wrong pipe' 
We were testing out microphones and one of them wouldn't work, so this one girl was trying to talk into it, saying, 'It's practically in my mouth...it's in my mouth!' 
Me and a couple of friends went to Disneyland and were buying leather bracelettes when the sales guy says '[the bracelette] it tends to stretch when wet' 
I put an egg roll in the microwave and after 1 minute, I took it out and touched it and said, 'Dang it all! It's supposed to be hard, not soft!' 
My vegetarian friend and I were looking for a place to eat when i said 'let's go to a BBQ restaurant and get some ribs' to which she replied 'Can I go a day without you trying to jam meat down my throat?!' .
Me and a couple of friends went to Disneyland and were buying leather bracelettes when the sales guy says about the bracelet, 'it tends to stretch when wet' .
Today, while watching a Food Network Challenge on sugar art, one man was making a giraffe from blown sugar. However, he was kind of nervous. 'I've never blown a giraffe before!' he exclaimed. .
I was playing tennis in gym and got hit in the face with the ball and the girl that hit me apologized and i replied 'It's okay i get hit in the face with balls all the time!' .
My friend was putting in his contacts and he was having a hard time. he said 'There's something wrong, its just not going in!' .
Upon moving a shelf at work; my manager was in between the shelves and i got scared if she would get squished. so i told her 'dont worry, im being careful' then she said 'oh no its okay, you could push it in more' !
My roommate and I were putting away dishes in the drying rack and she told me I was putting the dishes in the wrong way. I told her it didn't matter how you put them in and she responded with 'Just getting it in correctly is half the battle!'. 
My mom and I spent 24 hours w/o electricity (on purpose) to test our preparedness in case of an emergency. Later, when writing about it on facebook, I said 'It was hard, but kinda fun.' 
So, I was at a friend's house for a bonfire and we were all circled around it. One of the girls got up and was moving her chair from place to place because she was getting too hot where she was sitting by the fire. She finally sat her chair down and said frustrated 'omg, I don't like any of these positions!' .
I have just recently earned my drivers license and my sister was talking to me and the rest of my family reminiscing of when she first started driving. 'I remember when Dad asked if I was ready to handle a populated road and I was heaps excited but when I came to the intersection, I pulled out too late and a guy came in my ass'. .
I was sitting in my religion class working on some in class assignment, when my friend started sticking his finger in a fan and yelling ow. My teacher then walked over and said, 'hey stop putting your finger in there!' .
I was looking at my friend's mint copy of Amazing Spiderman 121. I tried putting it back in the bag and she shouted 'Hold it gently...Your shoving it in too hard!'
I was sitting shotgun in my female friend's car driving into Hollywood. A red Ferrari was driving on the other side of the road. Looking at the car she missed the turn we needed to make, to which she said 'I couldn't stop staring at it... it was just so red.' .
A friend of mine was trying to play Dance Dance Revolution at the movie theater with a girl who didn't know how to play. They were trying to adjust the game's difficulty level by using the directional arrows on the floor, when she asked, 'How do you make it hard?' to which my friend replied, 'you have to go up and down.' 
My friend was joking about spraying down his dog with the hose outside because it was so hot. His mom thought it was a good idea and said 'That's good, because no matter how wet you get her, it still won't penetrate!' .
My friend and I were talking about shopping for a new laptop. Explaining how screen size effects my photo editing, I said 'Well, 13 inches is way too small. I could do 15, but I'd prefer 17- It'll make everything faster.' 
My friend and I were sharing a pastry from the bakery. It was a cookie topped with whole hazelnuts. She took a bite and said 'Wow. This one's a mouthful' 
I was on the phone with the sales rep from a store asking about some new drapes for my room. I was asking her dimensions for the pocket for the pole, so I could see what size rod to get. (you can just tell this is a good set up) She goes... 'It's a good three inches deep. You should be able to fit a nice big sized rod in there.' 
Today I was in the office of the University at which I work. A male coworker came upstairs and started talking to a couple of the female advisers about the name of a program offered. Suddenly, noticing the pen the male coworker was holding, one of the girls said, 'I don't like the thick ones. I can't hold on to them if they're too thick.' 
One day my friend and I were discussing what pizza place we liked best, we determined that Little Caesar's didn't have enough cheese or sauce, then we went on to Papa John's. She said 'There's just something about Papa John's sauce'. .
I work at Starbucks and one evening a partner of mine was making whip cream. She ended up making one of them explode and simply stated 'Eww.. it's all over me. My face is sticky and I'm wet.' .
Today, one of my friends was talking about how she was smelling the lotions at Bed, Bath, and Beyond. She said, 'I squeezed one of them too hard and it went up my nose.' 
Me and a few friends were in P.E. when one of them notices a dustball on her finger. She kept staring at it and my other friend flicked it off and she angrily said 'I was gonna blow that!' 
I was at the aquarium with my girl friend over the weekend and we decided to check out the sea lion exhibit. As we were walking over to the tank a huge sea lion swam by. The guy next to us looked at it and excitedly yelled 'wow, look how long that guy is.' 
At putt-putt with my friends I heard a boy say 'Almost done, only two more holes left!' .
In math class my teacher was explaining something on the board for the lesson. To make sure we understood what he was teaching, he comforted us by mentioning 'tell me if I'm going too fast and I'll slow down.' .
I was at a lake party with my friends. They asked me where our friend Will was. I said 'He was too lazy to come.' .
I was talking to my friend Jonathan while he was playing video games and my friend said, 'Oh my God. I can't keep this up all night. It's too long and hard for me to do! And then I'm trying not to scream, and it's just making me more crazy!' .
The other day I was playing mini golf in my friends back yard. Having no golf balls to use, we used a tennis ball instead. The first person that went kept shooting misses and became extremely frustrated. By the time she finally hit a good shot we realized that the tennis ball wouldn't fit in the hole that we made. She then screamed 'GET IN THE HOLE! Damn this thing is just too big! I'm gonna freaking EXPLODE!' .
One day when I was walking down the hall at school a girl behind me said, 'it was the best thing I've ever put in my mouth!' 
My friend and i went to the mall the find her some new tongue rings. we got to the store and she was looking at them and stated 'Why are they all so big? I just want a small pair of balls!' 
Yesterday I was talking to my friend in front of me in class and he turned around and I sneezed and sprayed it all over his face. His response was 'Dude, you just blew it all over my face.' 
Me and my mom were sitting in the kitchen visiting with people when she noticed that something was hanging on the glass on my oven. She walked over to it and said 'What happened to the rubber?' .
While in class, my math teacher was trying to explain his method of simplifying a problem to us. He said 'First I like to go up, then I like to go down, then from side to side and then all around.' .
I'm at a birthday dinner for my grandpa and we are having desert and my grandma is trying to figure out witch ice cream she wants and decides on butter pecan and says 'I really love it, but I'll have to work my way around the nuts' .
At the mall today, my sister and I were looking for parking. A guy was reversing out of the parking spot we were waiting for, and as he drove away I blurted out, 'I love staring at people when they pull out.' .
A few of my employees and I were building a new shelving unit when a couple new people were struggling on placement of their shelves. The 40 year old woman who works for me went over to help, grabbed the shelf and said 'That won't work like that, try putting it in this hole.' .
In school, a teacher was talking about a person's essay, 'It's short but gets straight to the point' .
We were at lunch and all of a sudden a friend started choking and coughing real bad. I asked him if he was okay and he said, 'I thought I could swallow it all, but I was wrong.' .
I was at an after work BBQ and there was a ton of food leftover. Jokingly, one coworker told another that she should take home and have it all for breakfast tomorrow. She replied, 'Oh yeah, I love some meat in the morning.' .
I was talking to my mom on the phone at a track meet about how my phone's ringer no longer works. I use my phone as an alarm clock every morning even without the ringer. Trying to convince my mom to get me a new phone I said, 'do you know how much it sucks to wake up to a vibrator every day?!' and she goes, 'well that's got to be better than the real thing.' .
We were looking at our Coursework in school and our Teacher said 'Joel, Why is this part so big?' .
Today in A hotel lobby I saw a girl getting a massage by her boyfriend. While passing by I heard her say, 'Omg it hurts so much but it feels so good.' .
My friend and I were walking around the neighborhood when we saw one of the neighbors attempting to clean his front yard. He had a leaf blower on. My friend mumbled, 'I could blow better than him.' . I replied, 'At least he has a nicely trimmed bush.' .
I was with my friend &amp; I was sleeping over at her house. She wanted to pull an all-nighter. I said no, then we proceeded to have this conversation. 'C'mon, you said you'd do it!' I then said, 'No, I'm too tired.', 'You've never done it before, have you?' she asked. 'Yes I have.' I answered. 'Then let's do it!' she exclaimed. .
As im sitting in Economics I happen to catch my friend grabbing the girl's arm who is sitting in front of him. He pulled her arms cracking her back. After cracking her back she replies 'wow you stretched me so good.' .
While sitting around, waiting for my co-worker to get a fire started, we noticed that the fire was going. After the co-worker informed us that it had been going for awhile, my boss said 'oh sorry it was so little I didn't even notice it' .
While driving, my grandmother noticed a sign for 8 dollar hand washes at a carwash place. She then went on to say, 'Wow, eight dollars is cheap for a handjob!' .
My sister and I were at a friend's house, putting away some groceries. She instructed me 'Just stick that wherever it fits, there's gotta be a big enough hole somewhere.' .
I went to buy taco supplies. While checking out and using the electronic pad to choose debit and enter my pin the cashier said 'It's very sensitive, use your finger.' 
My wife and I were playing Trivial Pursuit with the neighbors. Whilst pondering which direction on the board they wanted to go, my neighbor's wife asked him 'Honey, do you want pink or brown?' 
I was trying to finish my ice cream before going into a store, and my mom kept telling me to hurry up. I replied, 'Don't expect me to keep sucking on it before i swallow!' 
I was eating dinner with my family and we were talking about the dentist office my dad goes to. At that office there are two dentists who are twins and my dad said he didn't know if both men had checked his teeth because they look alike and 'it's not like they are both in your mouth at the same time.' 
In telling our dog to stay out of the living room my wife says to our dog 'what part of our relationship makes you think you can go in there.' .
So I work at Mcdonald's and there was some burgers being cooked on the grill. They were done cooking and the person who was supposed to take them off the grill was busy. So a manager walks over and says 'Don't worry I'll grab your meat.' .
I Recently asked my gf for food and she said 'I have a muffin downstairs.' .
I was out to dinner with my family and my sister took a drink of water and spilled some on her shirt. She said 'I opened my mouth too wide and it dribbled out.' .
Today, my mom was outside shopping and it was raining when she came back she told me 'I was okay, then I just started getting all wet and I didn't really like the feeling of it' .
We were playing xbox live last night and one of my friends says during a gears of war match, 'if you go down low and pull out in the corner, your gonna get back tapped by 4 different guys' 
Today, my mom was slicing tomatoes and got a cut on her finger. She comes over to show me and says 'it was little but it went deep.' 
My friend and I were at Yankee Candle. I handed her a candle to buy and she said 'No thanks, the little ones don't last long. I prefer the bigger thicker ones.' 
My friends and I were hanging out by a river and throwing a Frisbee around that we found in the river. I threw the Frisbee to one of my friends and he missed catching it saying, 'It's so slippery, I can't get a good grip on it.' 
My friends and I were at a sushi bar. Being an experienced sushi eater my friend ordered edenomi. I did not know what they were so she told me to 'squeeze it really hard until it comes.' .
My friend was in math class and was trying to get some gunk out of a button in her calculator. When the teacher asked her what she was doing she replied 'I'm just trying to get this sticky stuff out of my hole.' .
A friend was telling me about this amazing chocolate cake she had for her birthday and said, 'It was so good, I wish it was still in my mouth.' .
Today, a girl that I work with got really mad at my boss. She stormed outside and he ran out after her, in the rain, yelling. Ten minutes later, he came back inside and said, 'Well...I yelled at her. Then I got her wet.' .
Today, I was on the phone and opened the fridge door to get something to drink. To my rather intense surprise, I found a pot holder rather than a beverage and it threw me. I said into the phone, 'I don't know why this puts me at a loss for words but I'm taking it out!' 
One time in chemistry class, we were looking at a slideshow from a projector. Our teacher tried to make the image bigger but couldn't, so she said, 'Well, it's not quite the size I wanted it to be, but it'll have to do.' .
I work at a bank. Today, I had 50K in 100 dollar bills in my hand. I stabbed my coworker in the forehead with them. I told my other coworker, 'Amanda just let me poke her in the face with that stack of money.' Amanda said, 'I would let you poke me in the butt with it too.' .
I was in my Russian class one day and my teacher was talking about our Russian speaking section of our test. He said, 'Alright it is going to be hard when you first try, but it will get easier at the end.' 
i was teaching my girlfriend to drive a manual transmission car, and she picked it up quite easily after saying 'i like it cause the stick is so big, it feels good, its so easy to pull' 
Today at camp we were playing Softball. The girl up to bat says 'Ugh, Why is it so slippery?' The gym teacher: 'I think it might have been the group that was just using it.' 'Eew, That's disgusting! Can I have a different one?' 'Sure, go grab that black one over there.' 'What's the matter, just suck it up, it's going to be over in a couple seconds anyways!' 'You guys might not care if it's dirty but us girls sure do.' .
While my family was at a restaurant for dinner, we were all figuring out where to sit around the table. As my little brother sat down my mom stopped him and said (about my uncle) 'Wait, let him slide in first'. .
So me and my friends were watching tv and i got ice cream. So we were eating ice cream and i said 'Oh my god it's too much i can barely swallow.' Then later hayley said 'You're so messy it's all on your face.' .
I was working at a grocery store and was out back when two co-workers were trying to fit a pallet into a small space. After a few failed tried, the manager said 'Stick the narrower part in first, it goes in easier that way.' 
I was having a water gun fight with my friend. I had pretty bad aim and accidentally aimed high. She ended up screaming, 'You know I hate it when you squirt me in the eye!' 
My friends and I were eating some homemade pizza and one of the girls after a few bites put the pizza down and said, 'This is way to much meat for me.' 
We had a meeting where someone was using an overhead projector. They had it too close and it was really hard to see the image on the wall as it was too small and blurry. Someone suggested moving the overhead projector back, which was done. An older person remarked 'It's still not very big'. 
I went to a Catholic elementary school and one Christmas a nun asked a student to help her put together the little Christmas tree for the classroom. It wasn't going so well and in the middle of the confusion a friend of mine and I overheard the nun telling a 7th grade student, 'If the legs aren't straight it's going to go in crooked.' 
My friend and I were playing with a supersoaker squirt gun. My friends gun wasnt squirting far so my mom came over and said 'You have to pump it long and hard so there is enough pressure for it to squirt.' .
Working in my office we have to get files out of the drawer. One day my one coworker was trying immensely to get a file out. She kept saying 'I cant get my fingers in there it's too tight!' .
We were making ice cream in chemistry class a while ago, and to do that, we added salt to the mixture to lower it's freezing point to create a soft-serve-style ice cream. My friend Bill was the first to try it, to which Bill responded by saying: 'Mmmmmm, it's salty.' .
We were in a church van headed to camp, and a guy handed everyone chocolate bars. One girl opened hers and said 'Eww this has a hair on it!' .
My friend had a small cookie inside a clear plastic wrapper that he didn't want so he offered it to other people at lunch. My other friend was so excited about the cookie he yelled 'forget about the wrapper, I want it in my mouth now!!!' 
My friend was having a hard time with a recent break-up and stress at school. She was telling me about how sucky life is and said 'I'm tired and irritated of being in the same position!' 
Today, a weather forecaster talked about a hurricane that may be hitting the states. In a frightened voice she stated, 'We may be in for a wild ride, it's coming at us hard, but if we are prepared we may be safe.' 
My friends and I were talking about how each of us had shot-gunned our first beers. My one friend described her first time by saying, 'we did it in the bathroom and it got all over my face.' 
One day, a few years ago, I was sitting in my economics class. This one kid was playing pokemon on his gameboy a few rows behind me. Clearly frustrated, he says pretty loudly 'it keeps going in and popping out again!' 
My roommate and I were playing an intense game of Halo 3 on Boundary. We were both underground and he was posted up underneath the tunnel in the middle with a shotgun waiting for the other team to jump in when he yelled 'Go ahead, come in my hole!' .
One of the secretaries at my office had brought her daughter into work and they were talking about how she got bubble gum stuck in her hair. The secretary said 'its always so sticky and hard to get out of your hair.' 
In Calc class when my teacher was reviewing for the final, he brings up a topic we did in the beginning of the year and says, 'it's not that hard, we just haven't done it in a while'. .
I was working at a pizza place today and the lady on the phone said, 'I need a 12 inch Italian Stallion (meat pizza).' .
A coworker and I were fixing a toilet paper rack in the men's room at work. We put in the screws and tried to get the rack on without success. Before I could think, I said,'This thing just won't go in,' to which my coworker responded,'Maybe we should switch positions.'.
My husband was painting our living room ceiling today and some paint fell and hit him in the face, to which he yelled 'Ugh, a big glob just landed on my cheek.' 
So I was in the back of my friend's car, trying to put my seatbelt on in the dark. I said, 'I can feel it with my hand, but I can't put it in the right spot.' .
In a basketball game, we were losing by about 20 points. But the game wasn't over and so the coach gathered us and gave us a speech and then we had to join hands and do our team cheer. But everyone was really tired so it didn't work well and a player said: 'Wait we didn't do it right, there was supposed to be a big explosion at the end!' .
In math class my teacher was looking at a complicated equation when she said, 'this one's ugly but doable.' .
My friend was looking for a parking spot for his Chevy and came upon a narrow spot but passed it up. When I asked him why he didn't take the spot, he responded 'I wouldn't be able to pull out with this big thing.' .
Me and 2 girls were at an Arby's and we were all full. One girl kept eating then threw up. When recalling this She said 'I wasnt sure if i could take anymore but i swallowed it anyways' 
i was smoking something with some friends and it was kind of hard to smoke. i said 'you have to pull it long and hard until it comes.' 
At dinner the night after my cousin's wedding, his wife's step-dad was talking about going out to the bar last night, where there had been a dance pole. He shouts 'The next time I see a pole, I'm jumping on it!' 
me and some friends were playing mini golf and It was my turn. I didn't have a clear shot so i had to bank it. there was a crack in the concrete that formed the boundary, my friend said 'hit that crack and it should go in the hole' 
I was texting a co-worker about the length of our routes we had for the day and whether we would all be back to the office on time. She was doing another male co-workers route and stated, 'I got blessed with Glenn's... so long!' 
I was playing ???? basketball with some friends. At one point I was covering my friend Nicole. I stepped on her foot and she responded with 'OW! Walter! You're so god damn big! I think you broke it!' 
My 7 year-old cousin was playing with his nerf gun when one of the darts got stuck in the chamber. He was having trouble getting it out, so he told his dad 'I can't get it to come out' to which he replied, 'Try sticking two fingers up there' .
I was at a water park and there was a slide that was the color black. I was walking with my friend and not thinking, I said to her 'That black one was really short. I was kind of disappointed.' .
The other day it was raining off and on. My friend asked my mom how the weather was and she said 'it comes in spurts.' .
While eating a double cheeseburger at lunch, my friend said, 'I'm getting double meat.' 
I was eating dinner at my friends house and there was a jar of pickles. He grabbed a pickle then said 'Come on Arin just Grab it and go' .
Any time I use my corporate credit card I have to put the receipt in our bookkeeper's mailbox. Whenever she sees me putting a receipt in her mailbox she often jokes that I'm spending too much money. She usually watches me put the receipts in her mailbox, but the one time she didn't she comes out holding the receipt and says 'Go ahead and stick it in there when I'm not looking. It won't make it hurt any less!' 
My friends and I were at wienerschnitzel and one of my friends were trying to tell a story while he was eating he then said ' Sorry I cant talk when my mouth is full' 
A few of my buddies and I where sitting around at a local bar when we heard a knock on the door we where sitting by. Someone shouted to let them in, that's when my friend said to us, 'He's not going to be able to get in the backdoor, there's a stool in the way.' .
So I was studying for finals in the dead of night at the college library, when my friend comes up to me and asks 'anything penetrating yet?' .
My friend and I were playing Rock Band and he was singing. When we were done and as he was putting the microphone back in the drawer he looked at the mic's cord and said 'should I wrap it up or just stick it right in there? .
We were in art class when this girl got paint on her thigh. She screamed 'UGH! I keep licking it and rubbing it and it won't come off!' .
After getting a slab of sidewalk replaced for a second time, I asked the concrete worker when it would be dry so I wouldn't have footprints in the concrete again. The worker replies, 'I will wait until it's hard.' 
While driving my college group to the Rangers Game, I decided to stop at Wendy's. One of the guys in the back said, 'I like where you're head's at.' 
My friends and I were playing Wii golf. We all completely screwed up on out first few swings. 'dont worry, the first hole is a practice hole' 
My friend once promised he'd recite Shakespeare in random conversation. When the moment finally came days later, I interrupted and he stopped, saying that I'd ruined the soliloquy. I apologized saying, 'I feel so bad. I know you must've been looking for the perfect place to stick that in all night long.' 
While buying groceries: 'I'm just going to wrap your meat so it doesn't mix with the eggs.' 
I was at football practice, and we were all getting water, and sharing the water bottles. Then my friend says, 'If i squirt you, then you can squirt me.' 
I was taking an essay test when a girl raised her hand and half-jokingly said 'Can we finish this orally, my hand is starting to hurt.' .
The other night, I was enjoying the new Harry Potter movie. All of a sudden, as Harry and Hermione are chatting it up in a tower, Hermione says: '...but Harry, you are SO thick sometimes!' .
Talking with a group of friends about about the difference in time that guys and girls spend in the bathroom. One of the girls said 'ya, guys are in and out before you even get your pants down' 
I was in my girlfriend's bedroom and had disorganized her neatly made bed. She looked at me and said 'Every time you come in my room you make a mess.' .
While climbing some old trees with enormously thick branches with a few friends, one was struggling to get on a branch because 'It's so thick I can't get my hands around it.' .
My dad and I were driving past a hardware store, and we see a truck leaving the parking lot with a bunch of 2x4s in the back. As the truck turned onto the street, the 2x4s began to fall out of the truckbed. So my dad says, 'Oh jeez that's no good, he hasn't even pulled out yet and he's already losing wood.' 
I was playing with a koosh ball sitting next to a girl I'm seeing and she say, 'if you play with it in front of me, I'm going to want to touch it.' 
So we were at my friends place and she just baked a cake that she wanted us to taste test. We all try it and she asks us what we thought and my brother responded, 'It's so moist I can eat it all night long.' 
I lived in a triple freshman year and my roommates were gym junkies. After coming home from a workout, one of my roommates was making himself a protein drink, pouring it in from the big container into a water bottle when my other roommate said 'be careful, you're getting protein on the floor.' .
At field hockey camp, our team was playing in a tournament. The referee wasn't paying as much attention as she should've been. My coach went to complain and the ref answered by saying 'I have to keep this in and around my mouth at all times.' 
I was showing my mom the blister on my heel from running today and she said ' That's huge, I bet it hurt!' 
I have a small fan at my desk because my cubicle gets warm. One day, my coworker came in and asked why I had left the fan on but turned it away from me. I told him, 'I don't want it to blow in my face.' .
I was telling a friend about how my dentist likes to make small talk while cleaning my teeth. I said, 'It's so awkward, I hate how he always tries to have a conversation with me while he's in my mouth.' .
My friend was writing something down with a pen, so I stole the cap. When he was finished, I put the cap back on, while he held the pen, and pushed really hard. My hand slid down the pen and hit his hand. He responded, 'I think it's in already.' .
I was at a restaurant with some friends. One of them had an ice cream sundae thing with a cherry on top. I asked him if I could try it and he said, 'Okay, but you can't have my cherry.' .
I go to a catholic high school which means at some points priests will come in and teach us. So in English class, he was talking about a story and said ' it starts out soft but then gets hard and long and gives you a great ride.' .
I was watching the movie 'Overboard' recently. When Goldie Hawn's character is describing caviar, she says it 'should be round and hard and of adequate size...and it should burst in your mouth at precisely the right moment'. .
After church the other day, the worship leader was talking to some of the youths about singing. He had been sick for awhile, so his voice was hoarse. They were asking him to sing a certain song, and he responded 'I don't know if my throat can take anymore. It was hard enough to make it the whole 10 minutes.' .
One day I was at school which is an all guy high school and I had gone to the office to get my bus pass which are made of a thin plastic. The lady that was there couldn't get it off her desk and 'I have been having trouble getting them up today but luckily the guys around here are patient.' .
We were rearranging our desks at the office the other day, and we had to move our computers around. One of the computer guys crawled under my friend's desk to unplug the computer. Her desk was kind of messy, and she looked at him and said, 'I'm sorry if it's a little dusty down there.' .
Playing call of duty my friend says, 'I can't go 2 minutes without getting railed from behind' 
My teacher was cooking something in her microwave, and put a paper towel to cover it. One student asked why she covered it, and she replied, 'If you put it in there without a cover over it it will get so hot that it will explode everywhere, and i don't want to make a big mess.' 
My friend was sitting in the back of my car trying to buckle her seatbelt and she couldn't figure out which one was the right one, my other friend said, 'Try to stick it in the other hole' 
One time a group of friends and I were eating lunch together and my friend started to eat a part of a cantaloupe. After stuffing a piece in her mouth, she proceeded to say 'ugh, love the taste but hate the texture.' .
Today, I was at the dentist getting my teeth cleaned and stuff. When my dentist was ready he said 'Open wide so I can stick it good in there'. 
I work at a Pizza Hut and was making a pizza from scratch. Referring to the pizza dough, my fellow cook says: 'Wow, you can spread them.' .
So me &amp; my cousins whenever we talk to each other we always say 'Dick.' One day we were in Burger King, one of my cousins bought fries &amp; without knowing out of a habit I said 'Give me some Dick' .
Today I was driving back from the post office and I could see a car down the street ready to pull out in front of me. I said out loud 'Don't pull out! DO NOT PULL OUT!' .
My sister jumped in our pool with a noodle and was shooting water at everyone with it and she said 'aww! I was about to blow and it got all in my hair!' .
I was at a graduation party where there was a slip n' slide. The graduate decided to try sliding down it while on a circular sled. He put the sled on the slide and backed up to take a running start. Then he said 'I don't know how to go down on this thing.' .
My friend and I were playing mini-golf. After I missed a shot, my friend yelled out 'Wow, two holes and you miss them both.' 
Today, my friend and i were in a library and there is this projector that slides out. My friend says, 'Whoa I didnt know it would come out that fast.' .
The oil needed to be changed and I couldn't get the oil drain bolt off. Later my best friend carol stopped by and asked how it went and I said I couldn't change my oil, carol asks why? I said: 'I've been trying to get that f-ing nut off all day but it was too hard and tight!' .
One time two of my friends were wrestling. One of them was wearing torn jeans, especially around one knee. When they were done the one with torn jeans sat dawn and looked at his knee. He said, 'that hole wasn't that big!' .
Telling a friend about this gator I saw at the park, 'He was big and I was nervous, I just took the picture and got out of there.' .
There is a t.v. in my family's house that is missing its power button. So my sister wanted me to go find the remote. I picked up a screwdriver put it in the space where the power button used to be and turned the t.v. on. And then my sister goes 'Huh, I've tried sticking things in there before, but nothing ever worked.' .
I work on a psych floor, the patient I was 1:1 with was talking about her shots when she freaks out, at one point she said, 'I take most of my shots in the behind.' .
Today, my P.E. teacher combined classes with the Yoga teacher. The Yoga teacher was doing this weird stretch, and I said 'That position looks awkward.' She said 'Oh, it looks super-awkward for people watching, but it feels GREAT when you're doing it.' .
Talking to a co-worker about what her family thinks of her owning a gun...'My brother always wants to touch it....my sister is afraid of it....and my mom wants nothing to do with it.' .
A friend of mine had bought a bunch of food at a basketball game. Another friend says to him, 'Well that looks like a mouthful.' .
My friend and I were playing sand volleyball, and he was explaining to me the difference in the height of a women's net vs a men's net. My fried said that the men's net gets tied to the top peg on the volleyball post and I told him that's not much higher. My friend replied, 'I know it's only a couple inches, but it makes a big difference.' .
My friends and I went to see the new harry potter movie and Dumbledore said 'just no matter what keep making me take it, even if you have to shove it down my throat.' .
The other day at my lifeguarding job we were opening the pool back up after break and Jon yells at me to blow my whistle. I tell him I don't have one, and he says to use Kevin's. I respond with 'I don't wanna blow Kevin's! I have no idea where that thing's been!' .
Today I went out to dinner with some friends and we all rode in one car together making it a tight fit. When we were leaving the restaurant we all get in and my friend says, 'it feels tighter than before.' .
My sister and her fiance were driving on the highway. The car in the next lane to the right and in front of us sprayed their windshield with wiper fluid and it went right into our car. My sister's fiance then exclaims 'Thanks asshole! I really wanted your spray in my face.' .
So i was walking into physics and the sub for the day was talking to a girl there and all I heard the girl say was 'it was nowhere as big as he said it was.' .
So we got some new paper in the copier at my work, my co-worker (who's a guy btw) prints off something and exclaims 'wow I've never seen any that thick before! I bet this means we can't fit as many in now.'.
My two friends were talking about removing their nail polish. One of them says, 'How do you get it off?' The other one said, 'You just have to keep rubbing it!' .
Today my friend and I were eating sour grapes. I didn't want to eat one and I told my friend no she replied, 'it's not that big, stick it in your mouth and suck it till the juice comes out' 
I was in my karate class, and we were practicing using weapons which we call our 'sticks'. Our sensei was explaining a defense against an attack, and said: 'Face your partner and simultaneously raise your sticks. Then as your partner jabs at you with his stick, move inside so as to avoid the full impact. Then use your left hand to grab their stick, while simultaneously shoving your stick into your partner's face.' 
It was my birthday and a new friend took my out for a drink. On the way there I dropped my phone. We were chatting about his girlfriend when noticed I missed a call...interupting out of nowhere i said 'grrr.. my vibrator is broke' 
Today during tennis practice I heard the coach help out a beginner by saying, 'make sure your grip on the shaft is tight and your strokes long and hard.' .
Once after a long run workout for track, my friend complained, 'My thighs are sooo freaking sore.' My other friend standing next to us replied, 'It's okay. It's your first time, it'll get better.' .
Today I got my widom teeth pulled, after I woke up the doctor told me 'no sucking for at least a week.' .
I was talking to a friend about colleges and I asked why she didn't like the college I was going to, to which she replied, 'I like medium-sized, not massive.' .
I was at my friends, playing Super Nintendo when the game stopped working. She took it out and started blowing air into the game slot. When it still wouldn't work she yelled 'God, how many times do I have to blow this thing to make it turn on!?' .
I was at my friend's house and for dinner we had BLT's. While his mom ate her sandwich mayonnaise oozed out. To this my friend's mother said 'It's so juicy, it's running down my face.' .
Today, I was uploading a video to YouTube. I noticed an ad for something on the site. It said, 'You stuck it WHERE?' 
My friend was trying to help me with a broken spray bottle. She said, 'You have to pump it til it squirts.' 
My friend and I were eating at a restaurant. She ordered a burger, and when she received it, she asked me: 'Don't you think these buns are a little too big for this meat?' .
The other day my friends and I were sitting at lunch and there was a lack of chairs. So some of us were kneeling at the table, and a teacher comes over and asks if he wants to get some chairs for us. Then one of my friends goes 'That's okay, We're used to being on our knees.' 
A friend of mine at work opened up a tub of fingertip moistener. She kept trying to get the cardboard disc under the lid to come off. She asked me to help her and I said 'I think you just play with it until it comes out.' .
Me and a group of my friends were exchanging jokes during lunch. As I take a sip out of my soda, a funny joke came up and I started laughing/choking. When I was done and I had swallowed the soda, I said 'OK... I swallowed!' 
Today, my mother was teaching me and my brother how to bake bread. We prepared all the ingredients and poured the batter. Then my brother asks 'how long do we keep it there.' my mother replied 'until its big.' .
At work a guy was putting fries in the freezer when he cut his arm on the side door. He then said 'man I hope that thing doesn't infect me I don't want to get a shot!' .
Yesterday while by the pool my friend was talking about spraying her hair with this blond enhancing sun spray and said, 'it only works if it's wet'. .
Today, I was listening to the song 'Hot N Cold' by Katy Perry. Some of the lyrics are: 'you're in then you're out, you're up then you're down' 
i was playing call of duty with a friend and his sister came into the room asked if i had beat the game already but i said no. she said 'i could beat it for you if you want me to' 
My friend and I were looking through movie trailers in On Demand. We came across one for Romeo Must Die. The trailer was literally like 15 seconds long and my friend says, 'I've never seen anything so short in my life!' 
Today, my friend was at my house eating cherries. As a joke I popped one and the juice squirted all over his shirt. He told me, 'Aw you popped my cherry! Wow, that's disgusting...' 
In art class we were making plaster hands. We had to take turns putting the plaster on somebody else's hand and then they would put it on ours. I was putting plaster on my friend's hand, trying to work slowly and carefully when suddenly my friend starts screaming: 'Hurry up!! It's getting hard! It's getting hard!' without thinking I respond: 'I'm trying! But it's getting all over my hands!' 
A day in school, our teacher was late. After 15 minutes, we are allowed to leave the class, but our teacher for some reason arrived at class one minute before we were allowed to go. One of my classmates exclaimed: 'Argh, you always come at such annoying times.' .
The other day at a party, they were serving potato skins and my friend was like, 'I don't know if I can fit another one in, I've already had so much junk inside me this week!' .
My family and I were watching 'Wheel of Fortune,' and they described a prize puzzle about a beach vacation, which showed boating and such. My sister saw the banana boat and enthusiastically said, 'I want to ride that big banana!' .
Today, me and my family went out to dinner. After we ate, my little brother was trying to make spitballs with his straw. When he couldn't make the spitball shoot out, my brother said 'blow harder, it'll come out eventually.' .
My friends were making water balloons and my other friend could not tie them. So he said, 'I don't think I am doing this right.' My other friend replied,'You are supposed to use two fingers.' 
My friends and I were talking about how difficult it can be to find the house of one of our friends. We agreed that entering the neighborhood is more difficult than exiting. Someone then said, 'Yeah, going in is a lot tougher than coming back out.' .
My Track friends and I were talking about Hurdling. One person said, 'I don't think I could get my legs over top of those hurdles!.' Another girl said, 'Oh, well I am used to spreading my legs.' .
Today, I was listening to The song get ready by the Temptations. One of the lines in the song is 'Tweedeley dee, tweedeley dum, look out baby cause here I come.' .
A while back, my math teacher, who just happens to be my squash coach, was talking to me during class about how I wasn't showing up for practices because I was sick. Therefore, I couldn't be challenged at any practices for my place on the team ladder. She was talking to me about putting me off the ladder when she said 'I can't hold your position unless you come.' .
Today my friend was putting sunscreen on. I dropped something by her and asked if she could get it. She said 'but I don't wanna bend over, I'm all sticky' .
The other day, my friend was doing my laundry. When the dryer buzzed, she checked to see how it was coming. She pulled out a sock and a
A group of friends and I were shooting off some fireworks in the backyard for the 4th of July. My boyfriend was the one actually lighting the fireworks and I was worried because he had a close call with one earlier. Concerned about his safety, I shouted 'Be careful, I don't want it going off too soon again.' .
One day I was playing volleyball with a beach ball and I tried to dribble it like a soccer ball but I had a bit of trouble and before I could catch myself I yelled, 'This ball is too big! It won't fit in between my legs!' .
In science class we were conducting experiments involving sodium residues. Our teacher was being really crabby about how previous classes spilled salt everywhere and proceeded with a really sardonic demo on how to measure table salt. She told us to be careful with the little spoon and not to pour too much into the little cups because apparently, it's 'easier to put in than take out.' .
On the bus, I wanted my friend to open her water bottle. She tells me that it's going to spill all over her bag once its open. I told her 'You really need to learn how to screw better.' Without thinking she said 'I'm sorry, I just haven't learned how to screw as good as you.' .
So, me and my friends were at the lunch table playing spoons. My friend Matt had a fork with ranch dressing on it, trying to poke his girlfriend. She had one thing to say. 'Don't poke me with that! It's got white stuff on it!!' .
One day I was at pole vault practice and we were vaulting over the bungee. We usually don't put a bar up for practice to vault for heights, because then you have to keep putting it back up, plus it hurts to land on. So, the bungee was up pretty high for one of the guys to vault over and the one girl on my team said, 'There's no way I can vault over that!' One of the guy pole vaulters responded: 'Oh, don't worry, it'll stretch when you hit it.' .
I was working at Subway cashing people out when my co-worker was putting a persons sub into a 'to-go bag'. As he slipped it in there he dropped the bag to the floor. His ensuing response as he bent down to pick it up: 'Don't worry, It's still in there ma'am' .
My girl and I were having dinner one night. As I opened a new bottle of orange soda, some fizz dispersed from the top, hitting my girl in the face, to which she said 'Sure, just spray it in my eye.' .
The other day my friend was telling me about her experience piercing her cartilage and she said 'I put it in but then it hurt really, really bad so I pulled it out really fast.' .
I was playing with my lacrosse team and my friend spat out her mouth guard saying 'this thing is too big and hard and it makes me gag!' .
Yesterday, in social studies, my friend was trying to sharpen his pencil. The sharpener is used several times every hour so when he tried my teacher screamed 'Thomas you have to push it in and twist!' .
A few days ago at camp I was playing baseball. A kid who is a little less mature was on second base screamed to the batter 'Whack it as hard as you can.' .
I was out at a bachelorette party having sushi. One girl was complaining that the pieces were too big to eat whole. Calmly I say, 'its not as big once you get it in your mouth.' .
I was out in the surf and a wave came my way, my mate yells out 'deeper, go deeper! deeper!' .
It was the last day of year 10, and our year coordinator/P&amp;E teacher explained that we needed to get all the information we could from the teachers that following year, He said suck them dry.. to which I replied 'Then should we suck you dry?' .
While sitting at a table in the cafeteria I was playing with my friend's keys and jokingly threatened to use her pepper spray, she freaked out and said 'If you squirt that in my face we are no longer friends.' .
i was playing with my dog and she chomped down on my necklace. i un-thinkingly shouted 'hey don't bite so hard!' .
I was putting in my friend's belly ring in her stomach. She said, 'It went right in; you just slipped it right up there!' .
Yesterday, I was playing Gears Of War 2 and there was this cut scene where one of the characters said 'Whoa! Looks like something big went down here.' .
We were playing with squirt guns and while my friend was filling one up he took the hose and and got everyone all wet. My friend said 'You took it out way to early and im sooooo wet! Put it back in and don't get it everywhere!'.
My girl and I were holding hands on the beach...she's a bit smaller than me and at the time tended to complain about holding hands too high. As she complained, I lowered my hand down, pulling her down to the floor, to which she said 'Sure, just make me go down, why don't ya!' .
Me and some mates were having kebabs the other day, and my one mate who was reasonably inebriated took a bite of his kebab and some of the salad fell out. He then says 'There's more on the floor than in my mouth.' .
The other day, I was at the beach, and a lady near me was trying to get sunblock out of the bottle. All of a sudden, I hear 'I just squirted everywhere!' .
Some time ago when i was at baseball practice. We were hitting in the batting cage. The coach said 'Drive those balls deep'. .
I was talking to my friend and she said summer is only 15 days away, and I said 'It's not coming fast enough.' .
Right before mini golfing, my date was pretty nervous because he didn't want to suck at it. He said 'its pretty hard, but I can usually ease myself into the hole.' I said, . He replied with 'wow, I really opened myself up for that one.' .
My sister was putting on a fur coat and some of it got on her tongue to which she replied, 'Eww there's fur in my mouth.' .
Me and my boyfriend were in the back of my mom's car and she pulled up on the side of the mailbox to get the mail. As she was reaching over to get it she said 'Why do they stick it in so far?' .
I was driving with some buddies and one found an old mountain dew that was nice and warm. He took a swig against everybody's recommendation. The windows dont roll down in the back seat of my car, so with a mouth full of dew he said 'Where should I spit this?' .
Today my brother and mom were making a pie. They took it out of the fridge and my mom then continued to say 'You know, I think you took it out too early...put it back in for a while.' .
Yesterday, while with my friend, she couldnt tie her braclet around her wrist. So, I offered to do it for her. I was pulling the strings to tie the ends together and my friend says 'i like 'em really tight.' .
Me and my mom were going for a driving lesson. We were backing out of our driveway, at the top of a steep hill. I was unsure of which key to use, so she pointed at the right one and responded with 'just put it in and it will be all downhill from here'. .
Yesterday at the beach me an my friends were digging a hole to try and get down to the water. At one point my boyfriend throws up a handful of sand and accidentally hits me in the face with it. I said, 'Nolan! You got it all over my face!' .
I was in chemistry class, and we were doing a lab with pennies. We had to take some iron wool and try to make the penny shiny. Mine wasn't working out so well, so my teacher came up to me and said, ' You're doing it wrong, you have to push hard and make sure you get in there deep.' .
The other day I was wearing a pull over with a zipper that goes half way down. It looks relatively stupid all the way down so i put it there trying to make a joke, my friend put it back to the middle, then my other friend put it all the back to the top. Somebody asked why in the world was my zipper at my neck? 'Well, it was all the way down, then Jenny brought it up some, and Kristin got it all the way up.' .
Yesterday at a fair, an employee was yelling in the microphone 'Just aim at the hole and shoot it in.' .
So my mom is making meat sauce and bow ties for dinner tonight. She was almost done when she said to me, 'Do you want to come and taste my sauce' .
In our biology class we have a really annoying guy that loves to annoy everyone. One day he was sitting behind this girl and he started shaking the back of the seat with his legs on the book-holder. The girl told the teacher that he was shaking the chair and the teacher told her to deal with it, the girl replied 'but hes doing it so hard and fast!' .
I was cutting up some food and realised i needed a knife. Not looking, I grabbed a random one. I looked at the knife and my mum said 'oh its bigger than I thought.' .
So the wife comes home with Starbucks. She hands me a cup and says 'hey is that a grande? I paid for a grande but it doesn't feel like a grande.' .
My friend and I decided to have a whip cream eating contest, we used aerosol cans, and halfway through my friend sprayed way to much and said, with her mouth full 'AHH! It exploded in my mouth! But it tastes pretty good!' .
I was at a friend's house, and we were doing a maths problem. I had finished it and was helping her out. After getting about half way through, she turned to me and said: 'Am I doing this right?' .
My co-worker was complaining about the joints in her leg being sore after being involved in a car accident. I told her she should see a doctor to which she replied 'I don't even know who I should go to...a bone doctor?' 
We were opening a can, and the directions read, 'Open package and insert here.' .
The other day I was playing NBA 2k9 on Xbox Live. The person I was playing against picked the Lakers and decided to drive to the basket for a layup. When he went too far under the hoop and hit the ball on the bottom of the rim he said 'Damn I penetrated too far!' .
My husband decided to be nice and make me a tuna sandwich for lunch today and made it on new wheat bread. When he brought it to me I said 'That's huge!' .
My brother was eating something nasty and we were all making a big deal out of it. He says, 'I regretted it as soon as I put it in my mouth.' .
I was on the phone with my best friend and i was reading  stories out loud, I had stopped and he goes 'Keep going', I reply, 'I'm looking for a better one.' .
One day in history class and we got two handouts. One said 'escalate slowly' and the other read 'pull out now'. .
While on the grill line at McDonalds, I took out a wrapper for the cheeseburger that had appeared on our order screen. The person working next to me took one out and placed it on the counter. I said 'What are you doing?' to which he replied 'Oh, I didn't know you pulled it out already.' .
My friends and I were going through tough times. Trying to console us, one friend said 'I know its hard, but we just gotta ride it out.' .
Ok, one of my friends invited me to a lock-in at his church and at the lock-in they had Guitar Hero. Well everyone else was getting food and hanging out but we wanted to go play Guitar Hero some before everyone else came back. Apparently he's not very good at it and he didn't know that I am. So since there was only one guitar we were going to have to take turns and he said, 'Ok, do you want to suck first or should I?' .
Every week, I play in a local poker game. The chip values are as follows: white = 100, red = 500, blue = 1000, green = 5000, and black = 10000. As the night goes on, if you're doing well, you should have lots of chips, especially blue, green, and black. Well, it was about midway through the night and someone commented to the guy next to me, 'You look like you're doing well!', and he replied, 'It only looks big because it's all red'. .
So me and some friends decided to have a water gun fight, well I ended up shooting one of them right in he face with my supersoaker and apparently some of it got up his nose. And he said, 'Come on! If it had gone in my mouth I wouldn't have cared, but you had to shoot it up the wrong hole!.' .
Today, we were opening a can of bug spray. My friend said (in the process of opening the lid) 'aww, man! the cap broke off! now it's spraying everywhere!' .
When talking to my boss today, I told her that I may need more days than expected for vacation. I hadn't yet put it into the 'request-off' book and other people were already requesting similar time off, so she told me, 'make sure you put it in soon or I'll cut it off.' .
Driving down the street today my mom decided to speed up to test out her new Infiniti FX35. My sister says wow mom you're going really fast to which my mom replies 'Yeah, sometimes I like to open her up and play with her.'
I was in the passenger seat while my friend was driving my car. We had to drive a long way and he asked me if I could open up his bag of chips as he was busy driving. So I opened it and held the packet so he could eat while he was driving. Then, after like 10 minutes, he said ԗait, let me put that between my legs so you donӴ have to hold it like that.Ԡ.
I was in biology class and we had to make pie charts of our data, including a sliver of a section that was .25%. one girl got really frustrated and said 'it's sooo hard! I can't fit it in, it's just too small.' Our bio teacher, seeing that she was in distress, proceeded to say 'wait, I'm coming!' .
My club soccer team was warming up for an upcoming game by taking shots on goal. Our keeper finally decided to join in and block some shots. When he got in the goal, one of the players from my team dribbled toward the goal intending to take on the keeper. Our keeper went on his knees hoping to block the shot only for the player dribbling to shank it high over the net. Our keeper then responded, ' I got my kness all dirty for nothing!' .
A bunch of my girlfriends and I were gossiping about other people at school and one of them told my best friend that she spreads more rumors than the rest of us combined. My bff said 'Yeah, you know I have the biggest mouth in the whole school.' .
I was sitting in english class one day, and my friend asked me if i had taken the math test in Pre-Calculus yet. I told her i had, and that 'it was soooo long, and really hard.' .
I was out drinking with my brother and we ordered tequila shots. The bartender poured them, we drank them and then my brother said 'That's the biggest shot I've ever taken.' .
I am a school bus driver and on my bus is a two-way radio for communicating with other drivers and base. One morning I heard one driver say to another, 'Oh, I'm sorry, I thought you were still inside.' .
My best friend and I had gotten foot longs from Subway. One side was a bit larger than the other so we saved the smaller side for later..after a night out my best friend finished the second half of her sandwich and sent me a text saying 'best 4 inches ever' .
I overheard my dad telling my mom how to check the oil level on her car. He told her to 'pull out the stick, wipe it off, then put it back in. Then pull it out again and look at how much fluid is left on the stick.' .
I was riding the train back from the city with my dad and asked him if the ride would take about 20 minutes. He said it was less than 10, to which I replied 'Oh, I thought it would be longer.' .
I was talking to my wife on the phone and she mentioned that she had just taken our dog out in the middle of a rain storm. Concerned his wet fur would ruin the furniture, I told her not to let him on the couch. She replied, 'Don't worry, I blew him dry.' .
My friend had just come back from a movie that IӶe been dying to see. I asked her if it was good. My friend replied, ԉ was hoping for better.Ԡ.
I went to watch a movie On Demand and on the menu screen they had a trailer running for wedding tips. The tip mentioned was that the groom shouldnӴ cut his hair the day before the wedding. Why? The wedding expert said, Թou canӴ change it if itӳ too short.Ԡ.
I was hanging out with a couple of friends who are dating. I commented that the longer theyӶe been together, the more they start acting like each other. She replied: What can I say, 'heӳ rubbing off on me.Ԡ.
I was in my friend's car and I started to roll the window down because it was hot. He stopped me and said not to because 'it goes down easy but is hard to get it back up.' .
I was walking a friend home one night and we needed to cross the street. The don't walk symbol was already flashing and said there were only 5 seconds left. I decided to go for it, grabbed her hand, and yelled, 'Come with me!' .
I was playing beer pong. Someone on the other team was a really bad shot and the ball hit my partner. She said, 'Ahh, it hit me right in the face.' .
I had put a bottle of wine back into the fridge, and after a little while my friend pulled it back out, pointed to the cork and said 'you didn't put it in far enough.' .
I was playing a drinking game with my friends. In the course of play, one of the girls needed to finish her drink and since she still had a full can, we decided to try to make her chug the whole thing. Halfway through she stopped and said, 'I can't keep it in my mouth.' .
I was at work yesterday helping load a bunch of supplies into an elevator to take down to the first floor. The girl that was maneuvering the cart lined it up perpendicularly to the elevator and I said 'that is at the worst possible angle to get it in there.' .
The other day i was golfing with my buddies. One of my friends grabbed my clubs and started swinging them. He then grabbed his clubs and i turned stood both clubs next to each other and said 'my shaft is longer than yours.' 
I was watching the food network and the host was making mini doughnuts. After applying the cinnamon-sugar coating, she says, ԡnd now itӳ ready to pop in my mouthƭmm.Ԡ.
I was getting ready to kill a bug in my apartment last night and my roommate asked why I would want to kill an innocent insect. I replied, 'do you really want it going into your mouth when you are sleeping?' .
The other day a patient came in asking for botox treatment. The patient asked the doctor how she'd know if it was working. The doctor replied, 'well most people are able to feel it go into them.' .
My girlfriend and I were driving down the interstate. The road was really bumpy and making both of us vibrate just enough to make it irritating. Pretty soon it started making my seat shake a little and was making my ass vibrate. I turned to her and said, 'I can feel it in my butt.' .
I recently began taking golf lessons and was joking with a coworker about how Iӭ so awesome that my score for the course is under 18. Playing along, she says ԏh really, so youӲe really good at itƴhe ball just goes in one hole and out anotherƴakes about an hour.'  (x3).
I was showing my friends how I can put out a match by grabbing the flame with two fingers. One of them asked if it hurt. I replied, 'it doesn't hurt if you go fast enough.' .
A group of friends and I were on Bourbon Street in the middle of a terrible rainstorm that had been going on for hours. It was so bad that there was over a foot of standing water flooding the streets and sidewalks. Halfway through the walk back to the hotel, a girl in the group said, ԉӶe never been this wet before.Ԡ.
A friend was getting ready to tell a story about an amazing racquetball shot. He started out by giving a brief description of the game for those unfamiliar with it. When describing the court he said, ԉtӳ twice as long as it is wide.Ԡ.
It had been raining for hours one night and all of my friends and I were completely soaked. On the way back from the bars we were casually walking in the downpour and having fun in the water. Whenever we passed people huddled together under awnings trying to stay dry, my friend yelled to them, ԙou need to get wet!Ԡ.
I was walking to a club located just down the street and a female friend surprised me by jumping on my back for a piggy-back ride. I went with it and ran with her down the street. After sprinting for a block, she screamed, ԉ want to go down! I want to go down!Ԡ.
I was at a celebratory lunch with my manager, director, and 8 other coworkers. Several of them ordered the special, which was a stuffed cheeseburger. When our food arrived, a woman at our table said she didnӴ know how she was supposed to eat it because of the size. My manager replied, Թou have to unhinge your jaw to get it all in.Ԡ.
